Patients receiving treatment with St. John's wort or Phenytoin.
No concomitant treatment of strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
CYP3A4 Inducers: patients chronically receiving drugs that are known potent CYP3A4 inducers within 14 days prior to study enrollment, including but not limited to carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifampin, and St. John’s wort are not eligible (with the exception of glucocorticoids)
Patients cannot be on systemic treatment with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital) or use Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort within 14 days of registration
Patients with seizure disorder may be enrolled if on anticonvulsants and well controlled; however, drugs that induce CYP3A4/5 (carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, phenytoin, primidone, phenobarbital) should be avoided
CYP3A4 inducers: patients chronically receiving drugs that are known potent CYP3A4 inducers within 12 days prior to study enrollment, including but not limited to carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, ritonavir, and St. John’s wort are not eligible; the topical use of these medications (if applicable) is allowed
Patients must not be receiving any of the following potent CYP3A4 inducers or inhibitors: erythromycin, clarithromycin, ketoconazole, azithromycin, itraconazole, grapefruit juice or St. John’s wort
Concomitant use of known strong (eg. phenobarbital, enzalutamide, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John’s wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (eg. bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil); the required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 5 weeks for enzalutamide or phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents; as part of the enrollment/informed consent procedures, the patient will be counseled on the risk of interactions with other agents, and what to do if new medications need to be prescribed or if the patient is considering a new over-the-counter medicine or herbal product
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme-inducing drugs, including known P-glycoprotein inducers (including St. John’s Wort and rifampicin) should be used only if absolutely necessary and considered to be the best available choice for the patient; if possible, it is recommended that alternatives to known substrates, inhibitors or inducers of P-glycoprotein be considered; cases should be discussed with the principal investigator, and may be allowed as per his/her discretion
Patients receiving cytochrome P450 enzyme-inducing anticonvulsant drugs (EIADs) (i.e. phenytoin, carbamazepine, Phenobarbital, primidone or oxcarbazepine) within 4 weeks of the start of the study treatment
Concomitant use of known strong (e.g., phenobarbital, enzalutamide, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John’s wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (e.g., bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil); the required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 5 weeks for enzalutamide or phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents
Received cytochrome P450 3A (CYP3A) inhibitors (such as fluconazole, ketoconazole, voriconazole, and clarithromycin) within 3 days of starting venetoclax; received strong CYP3A inducers (such as rifampin, rifabutin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, and St. John’s Wort) within 3 days of starting venetoclax
Co-administration with strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g., phenytoin, rifampin, carbamazepine, St John’s Wort, bosentan, efavirenz, etravirine, modafinil, and nafcillin), strong CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., clarithromycin, indinavir, itraconazole, ketoconazole, lopinavir/ritonavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, posaconazole, ritonavir, saquinavir, telaprevir, telithromycin, verapamil, and voriconazole), and CYP3A4 substrates (e.g., alfentanil, cyclosporine, dihydroergotamine, ergotamine, everolimus, fentanyl, pimozide, quinidine, sirolimus and tacrolimus)
Strong inhibitors (eg, ketoconazole) or inducers (eg, rifampicin or St. John's Wort) of CYP3A4 (within 2 weeks prior to the start of dosing in the study)
Use of any herbal remedy (e.g. St. John’s wort [hypericum perforatum])
Systemic treatment within 14 days before the first dose of study drugs, or concurrent use, with any of the following:\r\n* Strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 (CYP1A2) (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin)\r\n* Strong inhibitors of family CYP family 3, subfamily A (3A) (telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole)\r\n* Strong CYP3A polypeptide 4 (4) inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort)
Patients who have undergone systemic treatment, within 14 days prior to registration, with strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort are not eligible
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment with strong cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
Patients receiving any medications or substances that are strong inhibitors or inducers of CYP3A or CYP2C8 are ineligible; current use of, or intended ongoing treatment with: herbal remedies (e.g., St. John’s wort), or strong inhibitors or inducers of permeability-glycoprotein (Pgp) or breast cancer resistance protein 1 (Bcrp1) should also be excluded; below are a few examples of the agents:\r\n* Strong inducers of CYP3A or CYP2C8:\r\n** Antibiotics: rifamycin class agents (e.g., rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine)\r\n** Anticonvulsants: carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, s-mephenytoin\r\n** Miscellaneous: bosentan, St. John's wort\r\n* Strong inhibitors of CYP3A or CYP2C8\r\n** Antibiotics: clarithromycin, telithromycin, troleandomycin\r\n** Antidepressants: nefazodone\r\n** Antifungals: itraconazole, ketoconazole, posaconazole, voriconazole\r\n** Hyperlipidemia: gemfibrozil\r\n** Antiretroviral: ritonavir, saquinavir, atazanavir\r\n** Miscellaneous: conivaptan
PIK3CA MUTANT AND WILD TYPE COHORT (closed 03/17/2016): Current use or anticipated need for food or drugs that are known strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inhibitors (i.e. grapefruit juice, verapamil, ketoconazole, miconazole, itraconazole, posaconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin, telithromycin, indinavir, saquinavir, ritonavir, nelfinavir, lopinavir, atazanavir, amprenavir, fosamprenavir, nefazodone, diltiazem, and delavirdine) or inducers (i.e. dexamethasone, glucocorticoids, progesterone, rifampin, phenobarbital, St. John’s wort)
Patients must also avoid St. John’s Wort, an inducer of CYP3A4
The concomitant use of strong inhibitors of CYP3A4 (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, clarithromycin, ritonavir, indinavir, nelfinavir and saquinavir) and strong inducers of CYP3A4 (e.g. rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St. John’s Wort) is not permitted; it is important to regularly consult a frequently-updated medical reference for a list of drugs to avoid or minimize use of; Patient Drug Information Handout and Wallet Card should be provided to patients; as part of the enrollment/informed consent procedures, the patient will be counseled on the risk of interactions with other agents, and what to do if new medications need to be prescribed or if the patient is considering a new over-the-counter medicine or herbal product
Concomitant use of strong CYP3A4 inducers such as rifampicin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital or St. John’s wort as these may significantly reduce the availability of exemestane
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of ixazomib, with strong inhibitors of CYP1A2 (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of CYP3A (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
The participant requires chronic concomitant treatment with the following strong cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers OTHER than antiretroviral agents: dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, primidone, modafinil, and other enzyme inducing anti-convulsant drugs (EIACD), and St. John’s wort; use of efavirenz or etravirine is permitted for participants considered for the CYP3A4-inducer based antiretroviral therapy (ART) regimen arm (Stratum B) of the trial; the participant will be counseled on the risk of interactions with other agents, and what to do if new medications need to be prescribed or if the participant is considering a new over-the-counter medicine or herbal product
Patients must be willing to not take St. John wort or grapefruit juice while participating in this trial and should avoid drugs that are strong inducers of P-gp, and to switch to alternative drugs when available
Participant is currently taking an enzyme inducer of CYP2C8 (carbamazepine [Carbatrol, Epitol, Equetro, Tegretol] cortisol [Hydrocortisone]; dexamethasone [Decadron]; phenobarbital [Luminal Sodium]; phenytoin [Dilantin, Phenytek, Novaplus Phenytoin Sodium]; primidone [Mysoline]; rifampin [Rifadin, Rimactane]; rifapentine [Priftin]; secobarbital [Seconal])
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of ixazomib with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Intake of St. John's wort or hyperforin (potent cytochrome P450 [CYP] 3A4 enzyme inducer) or grapefruit juice (potent CYP3A4 enzyme inhibitor) within 7 days prior to initiation of study treatment
Mifepristone can both inhibit CYP3A4 and induce CYP3A4; addition of mifepristone to a pre-existing drug regimen may cause a mild and temporary increase in plasma drug concentration of drugs with significant CYP3A4 metabolism; medications that are strong inducers of CYP3A4 such as carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, primidone, rifabutin, rifampin, rifapentine, St. John's wort may decrease plasma mifepristone levels; strong CYP3A4 inhibitor medications are expected to cause the largest increases in plasma mifepristone concentrations\r\n* Mifepristone may increase the plasma drug concentration of concomitant medications with metabolism mediated by CYP2C9/CYP2C8; drugs with the largest increases will be those whose metabolism is largely or solely mediated by CYP2C9/2C8 and include: non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) and warfarin
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of ixazomib, with strong cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A) inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of ixazomib, with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of St. John’s wort
Systemic treatment with strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g. rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, gingko biloba, St. John’s wort) within 7 days before registration
Patients receiving the following hepatic enzyme-inducing anti-seizure drugs (“EIASD”); for example:\r\n* Carbamazepine\r\n* Oxcarbazepine\r\n* Phenytoin\r\n* Fosphenytoin\r\n* Phenobarbital\r\n* Primidone
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of ixazomib, with strong inhibitors of CYP3A (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Use of any herbal remedy (e.g. St. John’s Wort [Hypericum perforatum])
Use of any herbal remedy (e.g. St. John’s wort [Hypericum perforatum])
Systemic treatment with strong inhibitors of CYP1A2 (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of CYP3A (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole), or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital) or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John's wort within 14 days before randomization.
Taking a medication known to be a clinically significant cytochrome (CYP) 3A4 strong inhibitor (eg, ketoconazole within 14 days) or strong inducers (eg, rifampin and St. John's Wort within 14 days) of starting treatment with Oratecan. http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DevelopmentApprovalProcess/DevelopmentResources/DrugInteracti onsLabeling/ucm080499.htm
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of MLN9708, with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 (CYP1A2) (fluvoxamine, enoxacin), strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort; ciprofloxacin should not be administered for at least 2 days before MLN 9708 administration; extended release ciprofloxacin should not be administered for at least 3 days prior to MLN 9708 administration
Treatment with strong cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) enzyme inhibitors or inducers, including but not limited to ketoconazole, itraconazole, ritonavir, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, phenobarbital and St. John’s wort
Systemic treatment with strong CYP3A4 inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, Gingko biloba, St. John’s wort) =< 14 days prior to registration
No concomitant (within 14 days prior to registration for and during protocol therapy) medications that are potent inducers (rifampicin, rifabutin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital and St. John’s Wort) of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) function
The following foods/supplements are prohibited at least 7 days prior to initiation of and during study treatment:\r\n* St. John’s wort or hyperforin (potent cytochrome P450 CYP3A4 enzyme inducer)\r\n* Grapefruit juice (potent cytochrome P450 CYP3A4 enzyme inhibitor)
Concomitant use of known strong CYP3A inducers (e.g. phenobarbital, enzalutamide, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John’s Wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (e.g. bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil). The required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 5 weeks for enzalutamide or phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents
Systemic treatment with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of St. John’s wort ? 14 days prior to registration
Systemic treatment with strong inhibitors or inducers of CYP450 system should not be used on study including but not limited to fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin, clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole, rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, , bupropion, fluoxetine, paroxetine, ticlopidine, or St. John’s wort Ixazomib has significant drug-drug interactions with strong CYP3A inducers. No drug-drug interactions with the CYP450 screen have been found with ONC201, but the analysis of these studies is not complete, so during the study use of inhibitors or inducers of CYP450 system is excluded. Failure to have fully recovered (i.e., grade 1 toxicity or less, with the exception of alopecia) from clinically significant effects of prior chemotherapy regardless of interval since last treatment
Patients receiving concomitant strong CYP3A inducers (avasimibe, carbamazepine, phenytoin, rifampin, rifabutin, St. John’s wort) within 3 days of start of study therapy.
Current use or anticipated need for drugs that are known strong CYP3A4/5 inducers, including their administration within 10 days prior to patient randomization, eg,\r\nphenobarbital, rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifabutin, rifapentin, clevidipine, St John’s wort
Current use of any of the following medications: boceprevir, carbamazepine, ciprofloxacin, cobicistat, conivaptan, enzalutamide, fluvoxamine, itraconazole, ketoconazole, mitotane, phenytoin, posaconazole, rifampin, ritonavir, St. John’s Wort, telaprevir, voriconazole, or zafirlukast
Use of St. John’s wort =< 7 days prior to registration
Concomitant use of strong cytochrome (CYP) inducers or inhibitors including nutraceutical preparations, e.g., grapefruit juice and St John’s wort
Concomitant use of known strong (eg. phenobarbital, enzalutamide, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John’s wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (eg. bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil). The required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 5 weeks for enzalutamide or phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents.
Subjects who have used strong CYP3A4 inducers (eg, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St. John’s wort [hypericum perforatum], dexamethasone at a dose of greater than 16 mg daily, or rifampin [rifampicin], and/or rifabutin) within 28 days before first dose of study treatment
Treated within the last 7 days prior to day 1 of protocol therapy with:\r\n* Food or drugs that are known to be CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g. grapefruit juice, verapamil, ketoconazole, miconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin, telithromycin, indinavir, ritonavir, nelfinavir, atazanavir, amprenavir, nefazodone, diltiazem, and delavirdine) or inducers (e.g. glucocorticoids, progesterone, rifampin, phenobarbital, St. John’s wort)\r\n* Drugs that are known to prolong the QT interval\r\n* Drugs that are proton pump inhibitors
Patients requiring the use of enzyme-inducing anti-epileptic medication that includes but not limited to: phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, primidone or oxcarbazepine are excluded
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment with strong CYP3A4 inducers (eg, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of and dexamethasone (DId), with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Chronic use of known strong CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g. ketoconazole, itraconazole, ritonavir, indinavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, clarithromycin, voriconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole, ritonavir, lopinavir/ritonavir, indinavir, saquinavir, boceprevir, telaprevir and nelfinavir), moderate CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g. amprenavir, aprepitant, atazanavir, ciprofloxacin, crizotinib, darunavir/ritonavir, diltiazem, erythromycin, fluconazole, fosamprenavir, imatinib, verapamil), strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g. phenytoin, rifampicin, carbamazepine, St. John’s wort, phenobarbital) and moderate CYP3A4 inducers (e.g. bosentan, efavirenz, etravirine, modafinil and nafcillin). Concomitant use of these drugs with olaparib is not allowed. Patients may undergo limited courses of them prior to starting olaparib but will be required to have >= 5-week washout period from phenobarbital, and >= 3-week washout period from the rest, before initiating treatment with olaparib.
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, or Saint John's wort within 14 days before the first dose of study drug.
Patient must not be taking Rifampin or St John`s wort.
Subject has used strong cytochrome P450 (CYP) 3A4 inhibitors or inducers such as ketoconazole, rifampin/rifampicin, long acting barbiturates, carbamazepine and St. John's wort in the 5 days prior to the first administration of study drug.
Mifepristone can both inhibit CYP3A4 and induce CYP3A4; addition of mifepristone to a pre-existing drug regimen may cause a mild and temporary increase in plasma drug concentration of drugs with significant CYP3A4 metabolism; medications that are strong inducers of CYP3A4 such as carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, primidone, rifabutin, rifampin, rifapentine, St. John's wort may decrease plasma mifepristone levels; strong CYP3A4 inhibitor medications are expected to cause the largest increases in plasma mifepristone concentrations\r\n* Mifepristone may increase the plasma drug concentration of concomitant medications with metabolism mediated by CYP2C9/CYP2C8; drugs with the largest increases will be those whose metabolism is largely or solely mediated by CYP2C9/2C8 and include: non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) and warfarin
Current use or anticipated need for drugs that are known strong or moderate CYP3A4 inducers including their administration within 2 weeks prior to the first study treatment (ie, phenobarbital, rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifabutin, rifapentin, clevidipine, St. John’s wort); for participants in the dose escalation portion, no CYP3A4 inducers should be administered during the first 21 days of the study, regardless of strength
Systemic treatment with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital) or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort =< 14 days prior to registration
The following foods/supplements are prohibited at least 7 days prior to initiation of and during study treatment: (1) St. John’s wort or hyperforin (potent CYP3A4 enzyme inducer) (2) grapefruit juice (potent cytochrome P450 CYP3A4 enzyme inhibitor)
Current use or anticipated inability to avoid use of drugs that are known strong CYP3A4/5 inducers (carbamazepine, dexamethasone, fosphenytoin, phenytoin, phenobarbital, rifabutin, rifampin, rifapentine, St. John’s wort)
Systemic treatment with strong cytochrome P-450 3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital) or use of St. John's wort within 14 days before randomization.
Concomitant use of known strong (e.g., phenobarbital, enzalutamide, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John’s Wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (e.g., bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil). The required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 5 weeks for enzalutamide or phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents
Current or anticipated use of the following P gp inhibitors (amiodarone, carvedilol, clarithromycin, cobicistat, darunavir, dronedarone, erythromycin, indinavir, itraconazole, ketoconazole, lapatinib, lopinavir, propafenone, quinidine, ranolazine, ritonavir, saquinavir, telaprevir, tipranavir, verapamil, and valspodar), P gp inducers (avasimibe, carbamazepine, phenytoin, rifampin, and St. John's wort), or BCRP inhibitors (curcumin, cyclosporine, elacridar [GF120918] and eltrombopag).
Concomitant use of known strong CYP3A inducers (e.g. phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John’s Wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (e.g. bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil); the required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 5 weeks for phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents
Subjects being treated concurrently with any prohibited medications, including investigational medication, rifampin, St. John's wort, and potent CYP3A4 inhibitors (excluding ketoconazole) unless continuation of such medications are determined by the investigator to be in the best interest of the patient
Patients requiring the use of enzyme-inducing anti-epileptic medication (phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, primidone or oxcarbazepine) are not eligible for entry into the study
Received enzyme-inducing anti-epileptic agents within 14 days of study drug (e.g., carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, primidone)
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s Wort); the subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., indinavir, nelfinavir, ritonavir, clarithromycin, itraconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, saquinavir, telithromycin, aprepitant, erythromycin, fluconazole, grapefruit juice, verapamil, diltiazem, cimetidine, amiodarone, chloramphenicol, boceprevir, ciprofloxacin, delavirdine, diethyl-dithiocarbamate, fluvoxamine, gestodene, imatinib, mibefradil, mifepristone, norfloxacin, norfluoxetine, starfruit, telaprevir, voriconazole); as part of the enrollment/informed consent procedures, the patient will be counseled on the risk of interactions with other agents, and what to do if new medications need to be prescribed or if the patient is considering a new over-the-counter medicine or herbal product
Patients require chronic concomitant treatment of strong CYP450 3A4 inducers (e.g. dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, St. John’s wort) or inhibitors (eg. ketoconazole, miconazole, itraconazole, voriconazole, posaconazole, clarithromycin, telithromycin, indinavir, saquinavir, ritonavir, nelfinavir, amprenavir, fosamprenavir nefazodone, lopinavir, troleandomycin, mibefradil and conivaptan)
Patients must stop taking phenytoin, rifampicin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, nevirapine, modafinil and St John’s wort (hypericum perforatum) 3 weeks prior to registration; patients must stop taking phenobarbitone 5 weeks prior to registration; patients must stop taking all strong CYP3A4 inhibitors, including clarithromycin, telithromycin, nefazodone, itraconazole, ketoconazole, atazanavir, darunavir, indinavir, lopinavir, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, and tipranavir, prior to registration
Systemic treatment with strong CYP3A4 inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, St. John’s wort) =< 14 days prior to registration
Use of regular phenytoin, carbamazepine, hypericum perforatum (also known as St. John’s wort) or rifampin
Concomitant use of strong CYP3A inducers (e.g., phenytoin, rifampicin, carbamazepine, St. John’s wort) and moderate CYP3A inducers (e.g., bosentan, efavirenz, etravirine, modafinil, nafcillin)
Use of St. John’s wort or rifampin
Systemic treatment with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of St. John’s wort =< 14 days prior to registration
Current use or anticipated need for food or drugs that are known strong CYP3A4 inhibitors (i.e., grapefruit juice, verapamil, ketoconazole, miconazole, itraconazole, posaconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin, telithromycin, indinavir, saquinavir, ritonavir, nelfinavir, lopinavir, atazanavir, amprenavir, fosamprenavir, nefazodone, diltiazem, and delavirdine) or inducers (i.e. dexamethasone, glucocorticoids, progesterone, rifampin, phenobarbital, St. John’s wort)
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the beginning of protocol therapy, with CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of St. John’s wort
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort =< 14 days prior to registration
Current use or anticipated inability to avoid use of drugs that are known strong CYP3A4/5 inducers (carbamazepine, dexamethasone, fosphenytoin, phenytoin, phenobarbital, rifabutin, rifampin, rifapentine, St. John’s wort)
Received cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) inhibitors (such as fluconazole, ketoconazole, voriconazole, and clarithromycin) within 7 days of starting study drugs; received strong CYP3A inducers (such as rifampin, rifabutin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, and St. John’s wort) within 7 days of starting study drugs
Strong CYP3A4 inducers, including: phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, efavirenz, tipranavir, St. John's wort
The following foods/supplements are prohibited at least 7 days prior to initiation of and during study treatment:\r\n* St. John’s wort or hyperforin (potent cytochrome P450 CYP3A4 enzyme inducer)\r\n* Grapefruit juice (potent cytochrome P450 CYP3A4 enzyme inhibitor)
Concomitant use of strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers such as rifampicin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, or St. John’s wort
Consumption of any concomitant nutritional, herbal supplements, and antioxidants should be taken under the discretion of the investigator; the following foods/supplements are prohibited at least 7 days prior to initiation of and during study treatment:\r\n* St. John’s wort or hyperforin (potent CYP3A4 enzyme inducer)\r\n* Grapefruit juice (potent cytochrome P450 CYP3A4 enzyme inhibitor)
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of ixazomib, with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 gene (CYP1A2) (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A gene locus (CYP3A) (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Subjects taking the following are not eligible:\r\n* Carbamazepine (e.g., Tegretol)\r\n* Rifabutin (e.g., Mycobutin) or\r\n* Rifampin (e.g., Rifadin)\r\n* Rifapentine (e.g., Priftin)\r\n* St. John's wort\r\n* Clarithromycin (e.g., Biaxin)\r\n* Cyclosporine (e.g. Neoral or Sandimmune)\r\n* Diltiazem (e.g., Cardizem)\r\n* Erythromycin (e.g., Akne-Mycin, Ery-Tab)\r\n* Itraconazole (e.g., Sporanox)\r\n* Ketoconazole (e.g., Nizoral)\r\n* Telithromycin (e.g., Ketek)\r\n* Verapamil (e.g., Calan sustained release [SR], Isoptin, Verelan)\r\n* Voriconazole (e.g., VFEND)\r\n• Tacrolimus (e.g. Prograf)
Systemic treatment, during or within 48 hours of the first dose of MLN9708, strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort; for this protocol prophylactic antibiotics are not recommended, at least not until 48 hours after the last dose of study drug (given on day 12), when the patient may be neutropenic.; for patients with fever and/or infections, cefepime and AmBisome are acceptable
Present use or anticipated need for cytochrome P450 (CYP) family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (3A4)-inhibiting, CYP3A4-inducing drugs (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, clarithromycin, atazanavir, indinavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, and voriconazole, rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John's wort, bosentan, efavirenz, etravirine, modafinil, and nafcillin)
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)\r\n* it is important to regularly consult a frequently-updated list; medical reference texts such as the Physicians’ Desk Reference may also provide this information; as part of the enrollment/informed consent procedures, the patient will be counseled on the risk of interactions with other agents, and what to do if new medications need to be prescribed or if the patient is considering a new over-the-counter medicine or herbal product
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or with rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, or St. John's wort within 7 days prior initiation of alisertib
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of ixazomib, with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 (CYP1A2) (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Concomitant medications \r\n* Corticosteroids: subjects receiving corticosteroids who have not been on a stable or decreasing dose of corticosteroid for at least 7 days prior to enrollment are not eligible\r\n* Investigational drugs: subjects who are currently receiving another investigational drug are not eligible\r\n* Anti-cancer agents: subjects who are currently receiving other anti-cancer agents are not eligible\r\n* Anti-graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) agents post-transplant: subjects who are receiving cyclosporine, tacrolimus, or other agents to prevent graft-versus-host disease post bone marrow transplant are not eligible for this trial\r\n* Study specific: subjects who are unable to swallow a tablet or swallow liquid are still eligible provided they have a nasogastric (NG) or gastric (G) tube through which the medicine can be administered\r\n* Cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inhibitors: subjects chronically receiving drugs that are known potent CYP3A4 inhibitors within 7 days prior to study enrollment, including but not limited to ketoconazole, itraconazole, miconazole, clarithromycin, erythromycin, ritonavir, indinavir, nelfinavir, saquinavir, amprenavir, delavirdine, nefazodone, diltiazem, verapamil, and grapefruit juice are not eligible; the topical use of these medications (if applicable), e.g. 2% ketoconazole cream, is allowed\r\n * CYP3A4 inducers: subjects chronically receiving drugs that are known potent CYP3A4 inducers within 12 days prior to study enrollment, including but not limited to carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, tipranavir, ritonavir, and St. John’s wort are not eligible
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of ixazomib, with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of MLN9708, with strong inhibitors of CYP1A2 (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of CYP3A (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Concomitant use of strong inhibitors (e.g., ketoconazole, nefazodone, clarithromycin, gemfibrozil) or strong inducers (e.g., rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St John’s wort) of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) or cytochrome P450, family 2, subfamily C, polypeptide 8 (CYP2C8)
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of ixazomib, with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 (CYP1A2) (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (eg, dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
No concurrent herbal or unconventional therapy (e.g., St. John's wort)
Patients receiving strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4)\r\n* Use of the following strong or moderate inhibitors are prohibited =< 7 days prior to registration\r\n** Boceprevir (Victrelis)\r\n** Clarithromycin (Biaxin, Biaxin XL)\r\n** Conivaptan (Vaprisol)\r\n** Itraconazole (Sporanox)\r\n** Ketoconazole (Nizoral)\r\n** Nefazodone (Serzone)\r\n** Posaconazole (Noxafil)\r\n** Telithromycin (Ketek)\r\n** Voriconazole (Vfend)\r\n* Use of the following inducers are prohibited =< 12 days prior to registration\r\n** Bosentan (Tracleer)\r\n** Carbamazepine (Carbatrol, Epitol, Equetro, Tegretol, Tegretol-XR)\r\n** Modafinil (Provigil)\r\n** Phenobarbital (Luminal)\r\n** Phenytoin (Dilantin, Phenytek)\r\n** Rifabutin (Mycobutin)\r\n** Rifampin (Rifadin)\r\n** St. John’s wort
Use of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers including hepatic enzyme-inducing anticonvulsants (phenytoin, fosphenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, primidone, oxcarbazepine) within 2 weeks prior to start of study treatment
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort within 14 days prior to the first dose of MLN8237 and during the study
The subject has received enzyme-inducing anti-epileptic agents within 2 weeks before the first dose of cabozantinib (e.g., carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, primidone); other enzyme inducing agents prohibited within 2 weeks before the first dose of cabozantinib include rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, and St. John’s Wort
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong Cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g. dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
Currently taking phenytoin or phenobarbital
Patients requiring the use of enzyme-inducing anti-epileptic medication that includes: phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, primidone or oxcarbazepine are excluded
Patients may not take any of the following medications while on study, but will be considered eligible if medication is discontinued 72 hours prior to first dose of sirolimus:\r\n* Carbamazepine (e.g. Tegretol)\r\n* Rifabutin (e.g. Mycobutin)\r\n* Rifampin (e.g. Rifadin)\r\n* Rifapentine (e.g. Priftin)\r\n* St. John’s wort\r\n* Clarithromycin (e.g. Biaxin)\r\n* Cyclosporine e.g. (Neoral or Sandimmune)\r\n* Diltiazem (e.g. Cardizem)\r\n* Erythromycin (e.g. Akne-Mycin, Ery-Tab)\r\n* Itraconazole (e.g. Sporanox)\r\n* Fluconazole (e.g. Diflucan)\r\n* Ketoconazole (e.g. Nizoral)\r\n* Telithromycin (e.g. Ketek)\r\n* Verapamil (e.g. Calan SR, Isoptin, Verelan)\r\n* Voriconazole (e.g. VFEND) - can take 72 hours after last dose of sirolimus\r\n* Tacrolimus (e.g. Prograf)
Use of St. John’s Wort because of its effects on hepatic drug metabolism
Patient agrees to discontinue St. Johns Wort while receiving dasatinib therapy (discontinue St. Johns Wort at least 5 days before starting dasatinib)
Systemic treatment with strong inhibitors of CYP3A4 (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A4 inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, Gingko biloba, St. John’s wort) are not allowed =< 14 days before registration
Anticipated need for treatment with drugs that are known CYP3A4 or CYP1A2 inducers (i.e. carbamazepine, dexamethasone, felbamate, omeprazole, phenobarbital, phenytoin, amobarbital, nevirapine, primidone, rifabutin, rifampin, and St. John’s wort)
Patient is not taking St. John’s Wort
Are receiving systemic treatment with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, St. John's wort) within 14 days before randomization.
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of ixazomib, with strong cytochrome P450 3A (CYP3A) inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John's wort.
Concomitant Rifampicin and St John's Wort (Warfarin may be used only with very close monitoring.)
Copanlisib is primarily metabolized by CYP3A4; therefore, the concomitant use of strong inhibitors of CYP3A4 (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, clarithromycin, ritonavir, indinavir, nelfinavir and saquinavir), and strong inducers of CYP3A4 (e.g. rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St. John’s Wort) are not permitted from 14 days prior to enrollment until the end of the study\r\n* Other medications that are prohibited while on copanlisib treatment: \r\n** Herbal medications/preparations (except for vitamins)\r\n** Anti-arrhythmic therapy other than beta blockers or digoxin
Concomitant use of known strong (e.g. phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John’s Wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (e.g. bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil). The required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 5 weeks for phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents.
Concomitant use of known strong (eg. phenobarbital, enzalutamide, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John’s wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (eg. bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil); the required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 3 weeks for enzalutamide, 5 weeks for phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents
Systemic treatment, ? 14 days before registration, with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or St. John’s wort
Concomitant use of known strong (eg. phenobarbital, enzalutamide, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John’s wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (eg. bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil). The required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 5 weeks for enzalutamide or phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents.
Concurrent use of strong CYP3A4/5 inducers such as carbamazepine, phenytoin, rifampin, and St. John’s wort are prohibited
Concurrent treatment with strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital)
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
Concomitant use of known strong (e.g. phenobarbital, enzalutamide, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John’s wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (e.g. bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil); the required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 5 weeks for enzalutamide or phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents
Current use or anticipated need for treatment with drugs that are known strong CYP3A4/5 inducers, including but not limited to carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, and St. John’s wort
Patients requiring concomitant therapy with phenytoin, phenobarbital, carbamazepine, or valproic acid
Strong CYP3A4 inhibitors and inducers; concomitant use of strong inhibitors of CYP3A4 (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, clarithromycin, ritonavir, indinavir, nelfinavir and saquinavir), and inducers of CYP3A4 (e.g., rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St. John's Wort) are not permitted within two weeks prior to start of study treatment and for the duration of treatment with copanlisib
Receiving any medications or substances that are inducers of CYP450 3A4; use of the following inducers is prohibited =< 7 days prior to registration:\r\n* Inducers of CYP3A4: efavirenz, nevirapine, carbamazepine, modafinil, phenobarbital, phenytoin, pioglitazone, rifabutin, rifampin, St. John’s wort
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (eg, dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s Wort)
Selected strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (cytochrome P450 3A4) include azole antifungals, such as fluconazole, voriconazole, itraconazole, ketoconazole, and strong inducers include drugs such as rifampin, phenytoin, phenobarbitol, carbamazepine, and St. John’s wort; the use of these drugs should be avoided with vincristine (vincristine sulfate)
Concurrent medications which strongly inhibit or induce cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes (gemfibrozil, rifampin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, rifapentine, bosentan, efavirenz, etravirine, modafinil, nafcillin, St. John’s Wort)
Concurrent use of enzyme inducing anticonvulsants (e.g. phenytoin, phenobarbital, and carbamazepine) should be avoided
Clinically significant drug interactions have been reported when using vincristine with strong cytochrome P450 (CYP450) family 3 subfamily A member 4 (3A4) inhibitors and inducers; selected strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450 3A4 include azole antifungals, such as fluconazole, voriconazole, itraconazole, ketoconazole, and strong inducers include drugs such as rifampin, phenytoin, phenobarbitol, carbamazepine, and St. John’s wort; the use of these drugs should be avoided with vincristine
Use of any herbal remedy (e.g. St. John’s wort [Hypericum perforatum])
Patients chronically receiving drugs that are known strong CYP3A4/5 inducers within 7 days prior to study enrollment, including but not limited to rifampin, dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St John’s Wort are not eligible
Systemic treatment, within 3 days before the first dose of MLN9708, with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 (CYP1A2) (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before study enrollment, with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 (CYP1A2) (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Current use of a prohibited medication; patients receiving any medications or substances that are strong inhibitors or inducers of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) or cytochrome P450, family 2, subfamily C, polypeptide 8 (CYP2C8) are ineligible; current use of, or intended ongoing treatment with: herbal remedies (e.g., St. John’s wort), or strong inhibitors or inducers of P-glycoprotein (Pgp) or breast cancer resistance protein 1 (Bcrp1) should also be excluded; it is important to regularly consult a frequently-updated list of these agents; as part of the enrollment/informed consent procedures, the patient will be counseled on the risk of interactions with other agents, and what to do if new medications need to be prescribed or if the patient is considering a new over-the-counter medicine or herbal product\r\n* Prohibited: strong inducers of CYP3A or CYP2C8\r\n** Antibiotics: rifamycin class agents (e.g., rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine)\r\n** Anticonvulsant: carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine phenobarbital, phenytoin, s-mephenytoin\r\n** Miscellaneous: bosentan, St. John’s wort\r\n* Prohibited: strong inhibitors of CYP3A or CYP2C8\r\n** Antibiotics: clarithromycin, telithromycin, troleandomycin\r\n** Antidepressant: nefazodone\r\n** Antifungals: itraconazole, ketoconazole, posaconazole, voriconazole\r\n** Hyperlipidemia: gemfibrozil\r\n** Antiretroviral: ritonavir, saquinavir, atazanavir\r\n** Miscellaneous: conivaptan
Co-administration of enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, or St. John’s wort is not permitted; concurrent bisphosphonate therapy is allowed if it was started before study entry and is maintained at recommended dosing intervals; bisphosphonate therapy may not be initiated after study entry
Inability to swallow oral medication or to maintain a fast as required for 2 hours before and 1 hour after MLN8237 administration or any condition that would modify small bowel absorption of oral medications, including malabsorption, or resection of pancreas or upper bowel; treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, primidone or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, or St. John's wort within 14 days prior to the first dose of MLN8237 and during the study; patients must be cautiously co-medicated with agents that cause corrected QT interval (QTc) prolongation and agents that are strong or moderate enzyme inhibitors during the study
No concomitant treatment, in therapeutic doses, with anticoagulants such as warfarin or warfarin-related agents, heparin, thrombin or factor Xa inhibitors, or antiplatelet agents (e.g., clopidogrel); low dose aspirin (=< 81 mg/day), low-dose warfarin (=< 1 mg/day), and prophylactic low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) are permitted; please note that drugs that strongly induce or inhibit cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) or are associated with a risk of Torsades are not allowed; chronic concomitant treatment of CYP3A4 inducers is not allowed (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort); as part of the enrollment/informed consent procedures, the patient will be counseled on the risk of interactions with other agents, and what to do if new medications need to be prescribed or if the patient is considering a new over-the-counter medicine or herbal product; the following drugs are strong inhibitors of CYP3A4 and are not allowed during the treatment with cabozantinib: \r\n* Boceprevir\r\n* Indinavir\r\n* Nelfinavir\r\n* Lopinavir/ritonavir\r\n* Saquinavir\r\n* Telaprevir\r\n* Ritonavir\r\n* Clarithromycin\r\n* Conivaptan\r\n* Itraconazole\r\n* Ketoconazole\r\n* Mibefradil\r\n* Nefazodone \r\n* Posaconazole\r\n* Voriconazole\r\n* Telithromycin\r\n* Drugs with possible or conditional risk of torsades should be used with caution knowing that cabozantinib could prolong the QT interval
Patients chronically receiving drugs that are known potent CYP3A4 inducers within 12 days prior to study enrollment, including but not limited to carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, tipranavir, ritonavir, and St. John’s wort are not eligible; the topical use of these medications (if applicable) is allowed
Receiving any medications or substances that are inducers of CYP3A4 (efavirenz, nevirapine, carbamazepine, modafinil, phenobarbital, phenytoin, pioglitazone, rifabutin, rifampin, St. John’s wort); use of the aforementioned inducers is prohibited =< 7 days prior to registration
Patients chronically receiving drugs that are known potent CYP3A4 inducers within 12 days prior to study enrollment, including but not limited to carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, tipranavir, ritonavir, and St. John’s wort are not eligible; the topical use of these medications (if applicable) is allowed
Patients using cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A( CYP3A4) inducers (eg, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St. John’s Wort dexamethasone) at a dose of greater than 16 mg daily, or rifampin and/or rifabutin within 28 days before randomization
Concomitant treatment with rifampin and St. John’s wort
The use of potent phospho-glycoprotein (P-gp) inhibitors (including cyclosporine, erythromycin, ketoconazole, itraconazole, quinidine, phenobarbital salt with quinidine, ritonavir, valspodar, verapamil) and potent P-gp inducers (including St John's wort, rifampicin) must be avoided during treatment with afatinib
Concurrent medication:\r\n* Rivaroxaban and vitamin-K antagonists (e.g., warfarin), but enoxaparin is allowed\r\n* No concurrent use of strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inhibitor (e.g., ketoconazole, voriconazole, grapefruit) or inducers (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St. John's Wort [Hypericum perforatum], dexamethasone at a dose of greater than 16 mg daily, or rifampin [rifampicin], and/or rifabutin); 2 week washout period before enrollment required if any of strong inducer or inhibitors used (except for dexamethasone, dose needs to be 16 mg or less daily)\r\n* Use of concurrent cytochrome P450 enzyme-inducing anti-epileptic drugs (such as phenytoin, carbamazepine, or phenobarbital) is not allowed; (anti-epileptic levetiracetam is allowed)
Treated within the last 7 days prior to day 1 of protocol therapy with:\r\n* Food or drugs that are known to be CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g. grapefruit juice, verapamil, ketoconazole, miconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin, telithromycin, indinavir, ritonavir, nelfinavir, atazanavir, amprenavir, nefazodone, diltiazem, and delavirdine) or inducers (i.e. dexamethasone, glucocorticoids, progesterone, rifampin, phenobarbital, St. John’s wort)\r\n* Drugs that are known to prolong the QT interval\r\n* Drugs that are proton pump inhibitors
Systemic treatment with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John's wort within 14 days before the first dose of study treatment.
Subjects taking medications that are known potent or moderate inducers/ inhibitors of CYP3A4 (including St. John's Wort)
Has current use (within 7 days of randomization) or anticipated need for treatment with drugs that are known strong CYP3A4/5 inducers, including but not limited to carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, and St. John's wort; or drugs that are known with proarrhythmic potential.
Patients taking strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital)
Intake of St. John's wort or hyperforin (potent cytochrome P450 [CYP] 3A4 enzyme inducer) or grapefruit juice (potent CYP3A4 enzyme inhibitor) within 7 days preceding the start of study treatment to the end of treatment
Any patient requiring cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) isoform-inducing drugs (e.g. phenytoin, phenobarbital, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, ketoconazole, St. John’s wort) will be excluded; CYP3A4-inducing drugs should be discontinued at least 2 weeks prior to the first cycle of irinotecan
Subject is taking ketoconazole, voriconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, telithromycin, clarithromycin, rifampin, rifabutin, bromocriptione, cimetidine, cisapride, clotrimazole, danazol, diltiazem, fluconazole, protease inhibitors (e.g., human immunodeficiency virus [HIV] and hepatitis C that include drugs such as ritonavir, indinavir, boceprevir, and telaprevir), metoclopramide, nicardipine, troleandomycin, verapamil, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifapentine, St. John’s wort (hypericum perforatum), and grapefruit juice; patients on metformin will not be excluded
Receiving drugs known to be strong inducers of CYP3A4 or inhibiting drugs known to interact with erlotinib including, but not limited to: enzyme-inducing anticonvulsants, rifampicin, rifabutin, St John wort and ketoconazole
Taking any of the following: Rifampicin, St. John's Wort, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, dexamethasone
No enzyme-inducing anti-epileptic drugs (EIAED) such as carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, or primidone within 14 days before Day 1.
Patients taking concurrent medications of any kind which are strong inducers or inhibitors of cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4); patients receiving any of the following will be excluded: ketoconazole, itraconazole, clarithromycin, atazanavir, indinavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, voriconazole, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentin, phenobarbital, St. John’s wort
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort within 14 days prior to the first dose of alisertib and during the study
Avoid the use of concomitant strong CYP3A4/PgP inducers (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, and phenobarbital).
Unable or unwilling to discontinue use of ketoconazole or St John’s wort; use of phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, rifampin and rifabutin is discouraged, but not contraindicated; if patients require phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital monitoring of drug levels is suggested during the study
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of MLN9708, with strong inhibitors of cytochrome 450, family 1, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 (CYP1A2) (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort); as part of the enrollment/informed consent procedures, the patient will be counseled on the risk of interactions with other agents, and what to do if new medications need to be prescribed or if the patient is considering a new over-the-counter medicine or herbal product
Patients must not be receiving any of the following potent cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers or inhibitors: erythromycin, clarithromycin, azithromycin, ketoconazole, itraconazole, voriconazole, posaconazole, grapefruit juice or St. John’s wort
Current or recent (=< 28 days prior to randomization) use of sorivudine, brivudine, and St. John’s wort
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before study enrollment, with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 (CYP1A2) (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John's wort
Receiving any medications or substances that are inducers of CYP3A4; use of the following inducers are prohibited =< 7 days prior to registration\r\n* Strong inducers of CYP3A4/5; > 80% decrease in AUC\r\n** Avasimibe\r\n** Carbamazepine (Carbatrol, Epitol, Equetro, Tegretol, Tegretol-XR)\r\n** Phenytoin (Dilantin, Phenytek)\r\n** Rifampin (Rifadin)\r\n** St. John’s wort\r\n** Mitotane\r\n** Rifabutin\r\n** Phenobarbital\r\n* Moderate inducers of CYP3A4/5; 50-80% decrease in AUC\r\n** Bosentan (Tracleer)\r\n** Efavirenz (Sustiva)\r\n** Etravirine (Intelence)\r\n** Modafinil (Provigil)\r\n** Nafcillin\r\n** Genistein\r\n** Ritonavir\r\n** Talyiraline\r\n** Thioridazine\r\n** Tipranavir\r\n** Nevirapine (Viramune)\r\n** Phenobarbital (Luminal)\r\n** Rifabutin (Mycobutin)\r\n** Troglitazone
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of ixazomib, with strong inhibitors of CYP1A2 (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of cytochrome CYP3A (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Received potent CYP3A4 inducers (such as rifampin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, St. John’s wort) within 7 days prior to the first dose of study treatment
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of MLN9708 (ixazomib citrate), with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 (CYP1A2) (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Use of any herbal remedy (e.g. St. John’s wort [Hypericum perforatum])
Currently taking cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inhibitors or inducers (such as the antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine, or phenobarbital; cyclosporine; grapefruit or its juice; Seville oranges; starfruit; or St. John’s wort)
The subject has received enzyme-inducing anti-epileptic agents within 14 days of study drug (eg, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, primidone)
Participant has received the following within 7 days prior to the initiation of study treatment: strong and moderate CYP3A inducers such as rifampin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, and St. John's wort.
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort within 14 days prior to the first dose of alisertib and during the study
Systemic treatment with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450s (CYP)1A2 (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of CYP3A (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John's wort within 14 days before randomization in the study.
Strong CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g. clarithromycin, indinavir, itraconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, nelfinavir, posaconazole, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, voriconazole) or strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g. carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifampin, St. John’s Wort) within 28 days or 5 drug half-lives (if drug half-life in patients is known), whichever is longer, before start of study treatment
Therapies that must be discontinued or substituted prior to Treatment Cycle 1, Day 1 include the following: Medications known to lower the seizure threshold; Herbal and non-herbal products that may decrease prostate specific antigen (PSA) levels (that is, saw palmetto, pomegranates or pomegranate juice); Medications known to induce drug metabolizing enzymes such as dexamethasone, rifampicin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, St. John's wort, etc.; and, potent inhibitors of CYP3A4 or CYP2C8
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of MLN9708, with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 (CYP1A2) (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Use of any herbal remedy (e.g. St. John’s wort [Hypericum perforatum])
Concurrent use of strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inhibitors (e.g. clarithromycin, grapefruit juice, itraconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole, telithromycin, and voriconazole); or strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g. rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
Use of any herbal remedy (e.g. St. John’s wort [Hypericum perforatum])
No concomitant treatment, in therapeutic doses, with anticoagulants such as warfarin or warfarin-related agents, heparin, thrombin or Factor Xa inhibitors, or antiplatelet agents (e.g., clopidogrel); low dose aspirin (=< 81 mg/day), low-dose warfarin (=< 1 mg/day), and prophylactic low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) are permitted; please note that drugs that strongly induce or inhibit cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) or are associated with a risk of torsades are not allowed; chronic concomitant treatment of CYP3A4 inducers is not allowed (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentin, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort); as part of the enrollment/informed consent procedures, the patient will be counseled on the risk of interactions with other agents, and what to do if new medications need to be prescribed or if the patient is considering a new over-the-counter medicine or herbal product; the following drugs are strong inhibitors of CYP3A4 and are not allowed during the treatment with sorafenib:\r\n* Boceprevir\r\n* Indinavir\r\n* Nelfinavir\r\n* Lopinavir/ritonavir\r\n* Saquinavir\r\n* Telaprevir\r\n* Ritonavir\r\n* Clarithromycin\r\n* Conivaptan\r\n* Itraconazole\r\n* Ketoconazole\r\n* Mibefradil\r\n* Nefazodone\r\n* Posaconazole\r\n* Voriconazole\r\n* Telithromycin\r\n** Drugs with possible or conditional risk of torsades should be used with caution knowing that sorafenib could prolong the QT interval
Patients who are currently being treated with strong cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inhibitors (e.g., amprenavir, fosamprenavir, indinavir, itraconazole, ketoconazole, lopinavir, mibefradil, miconazole, nefazodone, nelfinavir, posaconazole, ritonavir, saquinavir, telaprevir, telithromycin, verapamil, voriconazole, and grapefruit) or strong CYP3A inducers (e.g., carbamazepine, felbamate, nevirapine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, primidone, rifabutin, rifampin, rifapentine and St. John’s wort) must either discontinue these drugs or are ineligible
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (eg, dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
Received cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) inhibitors (such as fluconazole, ketoconazole and clarithromycin) or inducers (such as rifampin, carbamazapine, phenytoin, St. John's Wort) within 7 days prior to the first dose of venetoclax
Potent inhibitors or inducers of CYP3A4 within 2 weeks before the first dose of study treatment (3 weeks for St John's Wort).
Current use or anticipated need for treatment with drugs that are known CYP3A4 or CYP1A2 inducers (i.e., carbamazepine, dexamethasone, felbamate, omeprazole, phenobarbital, phenytoin, amobarbital, nevirapine, primidone, rifabutin, rifampin, and St. John’s wort)
The use of potent permeability glycoprotein (P-gp) inhibitors (including cyclosporine, erythromycin, ketoconazole, itraconazole, quinidine, phenobarbital salt with quinidine, ritonavir, valspodar, verapamil) and potent P-gp inducers (including St John's wort, rifampicin) has to be avoided during treatment with afatinib; any exemptions to this have to be discussed with the principal investigator
Concomitant use of known strong CYP3A inducers (eg. phenobarbital, enzalutamide, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John‘s wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (eg. bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil). The required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 5 weeks for enzalutamide or phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents.
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort within 14 days prior to the first dose of MLN8237 and during the study
Patients may not take known strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers such as phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, rifampin or St. John’s wort or strong CYP3A4 inhibitors such as ketoconazole, diltiazem, or verapamil
Concomitant treatment or within 28 days of one of the following:\r\n* Any other systemic anticancer agent other than agents used for cancer prevention\r\n* Subjects who have used strong cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St. John’s Wort [hypericum perforatum], dexamethasone at a dose of greater than 16 mg daily, or rifampin [rifampicin], and/or rifabutin) within 28 days before treatment\r\n* UDP glycosyltransferase 1 family, polypeptide A1 (UGT 1A1) and UDP glycosyltransferase 1 family, polypeptide A9 (UGT 1A9) substrates (e.g., irinotecan)\r\n* P-glycoprotein (Gp) substrates (e.g., Digoxin)
Patients receiving cytochrome P450 enzyme-inducing anticonvulsant drugs (EIADs) (i.e. phenytoin, carbamazepine, Phenobarbital, primidone or oxcarbazepine) are ineligible
Patients cannot receive CYP3A4 inducing anticonvulsants including carbamazepine, felbamate, phenobarbital, phenytoin, primidone and oxcarbazepine, or other CYP3A4 inducers such as St. John’s wort
Systemic treatment with strong inhibitors of CYP1A2 (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of CYP3A (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John's wort within 14 days before randomization in the study
Subjects who have used strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide A (CYP3A4) inducers (eg, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St. John’s wort [Hypericum perforatum], dexamethasone at a dose of greater than 16 mg daily, or rifampin [rifampicin], and/or rifabutin) within 28 days before study entry
Concomitant treatment with rifampin or St. John's Wort; patients should discontinue these drugs at least 4 weeks prior to starting protocol treatment
Patients using of the following specific inhibitors and inducers of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) are ineligible; the following inhibitors of CYP3A4 are prohibited within 7 days before beginning and during treatment with sunitinib: azole antifungals (ketoconazole, itraconazole), diltiazem, clarithromycin, erythromycin, verapamil, delavirdine, and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) protease inhibitors (indinavir, saquinavir, ritonavir, atazanavir, nelfinavir); the following inducers of CYP3A4 are prohibited within 12 days before beginning and during treatment with sunitinib: rifampin, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, St. John’s wort, efavirenz, tipranavir; other inhibitors and inducers of CYP3A4 may be used if necessary, but their use is discouraged
Subjects taking the following are not eligible: \r\n* Carbamazepine (e.g., Tegretol) \r\n* Rifabutin (e.g., Mycobutin) or \r\n* Rifampin (e.g., Rifadin) \r\n* Rifapentine (e.g., Priftin) \r\n* St. John's wort \r\n* Clarithromycin (e.g., Biaxin) \r\n* Cyclosporine (e.g. Neoral or Sandimmune) \r\n* Diltiazem (e.g., Cardizem) \r\n* Erythromycin (e.g., Akne-Mycin, Ery-Tab) \r\n* Itraconazole (e.g., Sporanox) \r\n* Ketoconazole (e.g., Nizoral) \r\n* Telithromycin (e.g., Ketek) \r\n* Verapamil (e.g., Calan SR, Isoptin, Verelan) \r\n* Voriconazole (e.g., VFEND) \r\n* Tacrolimus (e.g. Prograf)\r\n* Subjects taking fluconazole, voriconazole, itraconazole, posaconazole, and ketoconazole within 72 hours of study entry are not eligible; reinstitution of fluconazole, voriconazole, itraconazole, posaconazole, ketoconazole and diltiazem is permissible 72 hours after the last dose of sirolimus
Receiving any medications or substances that are inducers of CYP3A4; use of the following inducers are prohibited =< 7 days prior to registration; concurrent use is not allowed simultaneously with nilotinib during the study\r\n* Strong inducers of CYP3A4/5 > 80% decrease in AUC\r\n** Avasimibe\r\n** Carbamazepine (Carbatrol, Epitol, Equetro, Tegretol, Tegretol-XR)\r\n** Phenytoin (Dilantin, Phenytek)\r\n** Rifampin (Rifadin)\r\n** St. John’s wort\r\n* Moderate inducers of CYP3A4/5 50-80% decrease in AUC\r\n** Bosentan (Tracleer)\r\n** Efavirenz (Sustiva)\r\n** Etravirine (Intelence)\r\n** Modafinil (Provigil)\r\n** Nafcillin\r\n** Nevirapine (Viramune)\r\n** Phenobarbital (Luminal)\r\n** Rifabutin (Mycobutin)\r\n** Troglitazone
Concurrent treatment with strong CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., ketoconazole, itraconazole, clarithromycin, atazanavir, indinavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, voriconazole, grapefruit juice) or inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentin, phenobarbital, St. John's Wort)
Concurrent use of drugs that are known CYP3A4 inducers, including but not limited to carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, and St. John’s wort
Patients who are taking any anti-convulsant medication that interferes with the cytochrome P450 pathway (e.g. phenytoin, phenobarbital, carbamazepine, etc.)
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before study enrollment, with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 (CYP1A2) (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John's wort
Concomitant use of phenytoin, carbamazepine, barbiturates, rifampicin, phenobarbital, or St John's wort; these drugs induce cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A) and may decrease levels of taxanes; fluorouracil (5-FU) is a strong cytochrome P450 2C9 (CYP2C9) inducer, and concomitant use with carvedilol, celecoxib, fosphenytoin, fluoxetine, phenytoin, warfarin and other CYP2C9 substrates should be used with caution
Patient must not have been treated with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine, or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, or St. John's wort within 14 days prior to the first dose of MLN8237
Patients receiving any medications or substances that are strong inhibitors or inducers of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP450 3A4) are ineligible; caution is advised for patients requiring weak or moderate CYP450 3A4 inhibitors or inducers; specifically prohibited medicines include indinavir, nelfinavir, ritonavir, clarithromycin, itraconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, pioglitazone, rifabutin, rifampin, St. John's wort, and troglitazone
Patients CANNOT be receiving enzyme-inducing or enzyme inhibiting agents listed here: Inhibitors: Amiodarone, Amprenavir, Atazanavir, Chloramphenicol, Clarithromycin, Conivaptan, Cyclosporine, Darunavir, Dasatinib, Delavirdine, Diltiazem, Erythromycin, Fluconazole, Fluoxetine, Fluvoxamine, Fosamprenavir, Imatinib, Indinavir, Isoniazid, Itraconazole, Ketoconazole, Lapatinib, Miconazole, Nefazodone, Nelfinavir, Posaconazole, Ritonavir, Quinupristin, Saquinavir, Tamoxifen, Telithromycin, Troleandomycin, Verapamil, Voriconazole; inducers: Aminoglutethimide, Bexarotene, Bosentan, Carbamazepine, Efavirenz, Fosphenytoin, Griseofulvin, Modafinil, Nafcillin, Nevirapine, Oxcarbazepine, Phenobarbital, Phenytoin, Primidone, Rifabutin, Rifampin, Rifapentine, St. John’s wort, Sulfadimidine, Sulfinpyrazone, Troglitazone, Troleandomycin; all concomitant medications must be recorded
Patients taking strong cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inhibitors including enzyme-inducing anti-epileptic drugs (phenytoin, carbazepine, or phenobarbitol), rifampin, grape fruit juice, or St. John's wort are not eligible
Patients who have had chemotherapy, radiotherapy or oral antifungal agents (ketoconazole, itraconazole, fluconazole) within 3 weeks prior to entering the study or those who have not recovered (e.g. back to baseline or grade 1) from adverse events due to agents administered more than 3 weeks earlier\r\n* There is a potential drug interaction when abiraterone is concomitantly used with a cytochrome P450 family 2, subfamily D, polypeptide 6 (CYP2D6) substrate narrow therapeutic index (e.g., thioridazine, dextromethorphan), or strong cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 [CYP3A4] inhibitors (e.g., atazanavir, erythromycin, indinavir, itraconazole, Ketoconazole, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, and voriconazole) or strong inducers (e.g., carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, rifapentine); caution should be used when patients are on one of these drugs
Systemic treatment with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450 (CYP) 1A2 (CYP1A2) (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of CYP3A (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John's wort within 14 days before randomization in the study.
Receiving any medications or substances that are strong or moderate inducers of CYP3A4; use of the following inducers are prohibited =< 7 days prior to randomization: efavirenz (Sustiva), nevirapine (Viramune), carbamazepine (Carbatrol, Epitol, Equetro, Tegretol, Tegretol-XR), modafinil (Provigil), phenobarbital (Luminal), phenytoin (Dilantin, Phenytek), pioglitazone (Actos), rifabutin (Mycobutin), rifampin (Rifadin), St. John’s wort
Subjects receiving the following hepatic enzyme?inducing antiseizure drugs (“EIASD”):\r\n* Carbamazepine\r\n* Oxcarbazepine\r\n* Phenytoin\r\n* Fosphenytoin\r\n* Phenobarbital\r\n* Primidone
Concurrent use of enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs (EIAEDs), including phenytoin, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, fosphenytoin, phenobarbital, pentobarbital, or primidone
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John’s wort within 14 days prior to the first dose of MLN8237 and during the study; anticonvulsants at stable doses are allowed
Systemic treatment with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A (CYP3A) inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort within 14 days before the first dose of study treatment
Concomitant treatment with rifampin, St. John’s wort, or the cytochrome p450 enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs (phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital)
Current use or anticipated inability to avoid use of drugs that are known CYP3A4 or cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 (CYP1A2) inducers (ie, carbamazepine, dexamethasone, felbamate, omeprazole, phenobarbital, phenytoin, primidone, rifabutin, rifampin, and St. John’s wort)
Treatment with strong CYP3A4 inducers: \r\n* Anticonvulsants: phenytoin, carbamazepine, Phenobarbital, oxcarbazepine; \r\n* Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) antiretrovirals: efavirenz, nevirapine; \r\n* Antibiotics: rifampin (rifampicin), rifabutin, rifapentine; \r\n* Miscellaneous: St. John's Wort, modafinil, pioglitazone, troglitazone
EXPANSION COHORT ONLY: Treatment with strong CYP3A4 inducers: \r\n* Anticonvulsants: phenytoin, carbamazepine, Phenobarbital, oxcarbazepine; \r\n* Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) antiretrovirals: efavirenz, nevirapine; \r\n* Antibiotics: rifampin (rifampicin), rifabutin, rifapentine; \r\n* Miscellaneous: St. John's Wort, modafinil, pioglitazone, troglitazone
Concomitant use of phenytoin, carbamazepine, barbiturates, rifampin, phenobarbital or St. Johns wort, cyclosporine, diltiazem, ketoconazole should be discontinued if possible
Concomitant Medications\r\n* Patient agrees to discontinue St. Johns Wort while receiving dasatinib therapy (discontinue St. Johns Wort at least 5 days before starting dasatinib)\r\n* Patient agrees that IV bisphosphonates will be withheld for the 4 weeks of dasatinib therapy
St. John’s Wort
Patients must not be taking cytochrome P450 enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs (phenytoin, carbamazepine, or phenobarbital), rifampin, or St. John’s Wort
Patients taking phenytoin, carbamazepine, and Phenobarbital
Patients taking rifampin and/or St. John's Wort
Patients with a seizure disorder may be enrolled if well controlled on anticonvulsants at a dose that has been stable for at least 14 days; however, drugs that induce cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4)/5 (carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, phenytoin, primidone, and phenobarbital) should be avoided
Patients must not be receiving any of the following potent CYP3A4 inducers or inhibitors: erythromycin, clarithromycin, ketoconazole, azithromycin, itraconazole, grapefruit juice or St. John’s wort
Subjects with baseline blood pressure 140/90 mmHg are eligible but must have optimal medication for blood pressure management h. Troponin-T value more than the upper limit of normal or BNP greater than 100 pg/mL 18. Subject has acute or chronic active infectious disorders or uncontrolled nonmalignant illnesses whose control, in the opinion of the investigator, may be jeopardized by complications of this study therapy. Chronic hepatitis B and C virus (HBV and HCV) are excepted (ie, eligible for study); HBV requires antiviral therapy 19. Subject has undergone liver transplantation or other solid organ transplantation requiring immunosuppression 20. Subject is receiving chronic treatment with systemic corticosteroids or other potentially immunosuppressive agent. Intermittent topical or local injection of corticosteroids and oral/IV aldosterone or other mineralocorticoids is allowed 21. Subjects with history of non-healing wounds or ulcers, or bone fractures less than 3 months of a prior fracture 22. Subject is being treated with concomitant strong CYP3A4 inducers such as St. John's Wort, dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, phenobarbital. The use of concomitant strong CYP3A4 inducers may decrease sorafenib plasma concentrations and must be avoided.
Patients cannot have received cytochrome P450-inducing anticonvulsants (enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs [EIADs]; e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, primidone, oxcarbazepine) or similar agents (e.g., rifampin) or P450 inhibiting agents (ketoconazole, itraconazole, clarithromycin, atazanavir, indinavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, voriconazole) within 10 days prior to starting lapatinib
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort within 14 days prior to the first dose of alisertib and during the study
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of Ixazomib, with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 (CYP1A2) (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Use of any strong CYP3A4 inducer such as rifampin, St John's Wort, or other herbal preparations that contain any strong CYP3A4 inducer (see Table 6 6) 14 days before the first dose of study drug or during the study
Systemic treatment, within 7 days, or the half-life of the treatment, whichever is longer before the first dose of MLN9708, with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 (CYP1A2) (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Requires treatment with a strong cytochrome P450 (CYP) family 3, subfamily A (3A) inhibitor (i.e. voriconazole, posaconazole, itraconazole, clarithromycin, etc.) or inducer (carbamazepine, rifampin, phenytoin, et cetera [etc.])
Concurrent use of strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g. rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s Wort)
Herbal remedies (e.g., St. John's wort) within 1 week of enrollment
Concurrent use of strong cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g. rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
The following medications may not be taken within 24 hours of the first dose of study agent or at any time while a participant is taking study agent\r\n* Coumadin\r\n* Strong CYP3A4 inhibitors including ketoconazole, atazanavir, boceprevir, ceritinib, clarithromycin, cobicistat, darunavir, dasabuvir, idelalisib, indinavir, itraconazole, lopinavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ombitasvir, paritaprevir, posaconazole, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, troleandomycin, voriconazole, and grapefruit or grapefruit juice\r\n* CYP3A4 inducers including rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, primidone, enzalutamide, fosphenytoin, lumacaftor, mitotane, and St. John's wort\r\n* Agents which decrease gastric acid are allowed but should be avoided if possible\r\n* Participants may resume inhibitors or inducers of CYP3A4 > 14 days after their last dose of study agent
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of MLN9708, with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 (CYP1A2) (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A (CYP3A) (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Participants currently receiving zidovudine, or strong CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g. cobicistat (currently only in Stribild® or ritonavir boosted antiretroviral regimens), ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, clarithromycin, dexamethasone, phenobarbital, rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifabutin, rifapentine, St John’s Wort, tacrolimus, cyclosporine, oral contraceptives, warfarin, docetaxel, sirolimus, or other strong inhibitors or inducers of CYP3A4 or substrates of CYP3A4 that have a narrow therapeutic margin
The participant requires chronic concomitant treatment with the following strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers OTHER than antiretroviral agents: dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, primidone, modafinil, and other enzyme inducing anti-convulsant drugs (EIACD), and St. John’s Wort; use of efavirenz or etravirine is permitted for participants considered for the CYP3A4-inducer based antiretroviral therapy (ART) regimen arm (Stratum B) of the trial\r\n* Although study participants will be eligible regardless of smoking history, smokers should be strongly advised to stop smoking while on erlotinib; smoking induces cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 (CYP1A2) enzymes and alters erlotinib exposure by 64%
Concurrent use of:\r\n* Strong CYP3A4 inhibitors: including but not limited to ketoconazole, itraconazole, clarithromycin, atazanavir, nefazodone, saquinavir, telithromycin, ritonavir, amprenavir, indinavir, nelfinavir, delavirdine and voriconazole\r\n* Strong CYP3A4 inducers: including but not limited to rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, carbamazepine, and St. John's wort\r\n* Therapeutic doses of anticoagulants (low dose warfarin up to 2 mg daily for DVT prophylaxis is permitted)\r\n* Grapefruit and grapefruit juice\r\n**(Note: Alternative therapies should be used when available; if use of a strong CYP3A4 inhibitor or inducer is necessary, this must be approved by the principal investigator and documented in source documents)
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of MLN9708, with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 (CYP1A2) (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Are taking strong cytochrome P (CYP) CYP3A4 inhibitors (eg, clarithromycin, indinavir, itraconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, nelfinavir, posaconazole, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, voriconazole) or strong CYP3A4 inducers (eg, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifampin, St. John's Wort).
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John's wort)
St. John's wort or hyperforin (potent cytochrome P450 CYP3A4 enzyme inducer)
Patients who are receiving concurrent enzyme-inducing anti-epileptic drugs (EIAEDs) (e.g., carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, phenytoin, fosphenytoin, phenobarbital and primidone) or who received EIAEDs within 2 weeks prior to the first dose of study drug
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort within 14 days prior to the first dose of MLN8237 and during the study
Palbociclib is a substrate of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A); caution should be exercised when dosing palbociclib concurrently with CYP3A inducers or inhibitors; furthermore, patients who are taking concurrent medications that are strong inducers/inhibitors or substrates of CYP3A4 should be switched to alternative medications to minimize any potential risk; the following medications with strong potential for interaction are not allowed: indinavir, nelfinavir, ritonavir, clarithromycin, itraconazole ketoconazole, nefazodone, saquinavir, telithromycin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, pioglitazone, rifabutin, rifampin, St. John's wort, troglitazone
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
Concomitant use of phenytoin, carbamazepine, barbiturates, rifampicin, phenobarbital, or St John's wort, alfentanil, alfuzosin, almotriptan, alprazolam, amiodarone, amitriptyline, amprenavir, aprepitant, aripiprazole, bepridil, bortezomib, bosentan, budesonide, buprenorphine, buspirone, carbamazepine, cilostazol, cisapride, cyclosporine, delavirdine, didanosine, digoxin, disopyramide dofetilide, donepezil, eletriptan, eplerenone, fluticasone, fosamprenavir, galantamine, systemic griseofulvin, indinavir, levobupivacaine, lopinavir, midazolam, mifepristone, modafinil, nateglinide, nefazodone, nelfinavir, oxcarbazepine, pimozide, quetiapine, quinidine, repaglinide, rifabutin, rifampin, rifapentine, ritonavir, saquinavir, sildenafil, sirolimus, tacrolimus, tadalafil, tolterodine, theophyllines, tolterodine, triazolam, valdecoxib, vardenafil, ziprasidone, zonisamide, statins, with the exception of pravastatin (Pravachol) or other \statins\ which are not metabolized by or induce cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4), calcium channel blockers, Coumadin and macrolides or other agents that will be significantly perturbed in a clinically important way by the P450 inhibitory properties of ketoconazole
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g. dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
Patients must not be receiving any of the following potent cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers or inhibitors: erythromycin, clarithromycin, ketoconazole, azithromycin, itraconazole, grapefruit juice or St. John's Wort
Participants requiring treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing anti-epileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, oxcarbazepine, primidone, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, or St. John's wort within 14 days before the first dose of alisertib or requiring the use of these medications during the study.
Taking strong inhibitors or strong/moderate inducers of cytochrome P450 (CYP)3A4\r\n* Strong inhibitors of CYP3A4/5; > 5-fold increase in the plasma area under the curve (AUC) values or more than 80% decrease in clearance\r\n** Clarithromycin (Biaxin®, Biaxin XL®)\r\n** Conivaptan (Vaprisol®)\r\n** Grapefruit juice\r\n** Itraconazole (Sporanox®)\r\n** Ketoconazole (Nizoral®)\r\n** Mibefradil\r\n** Nefazodone (Serzone®)\r\n** Posaconazole (Noxafil®)\r\n** Telaprevir (Incivek®)\r\n** Telithromycin (Ketek®)\r\n* Use of the following inducers are prohibited =< 7 days prior to registration\r\n** Strong inducers of CYP3A4/5; > 80% decrease in AUC\r\n*** Avasimibe\r\n*** Carbamazepine (Carbatrol®, Epitol®, Equetro™, Tegretol®, Tegretol-XR®)\r\n*** Phenytoin (Dilantin®, Phenytek®)\r\n*** Rifampin (Rifadin®)\r\n*** St. John’s wort\r\n** Moderate inducers of CYP3A4/5; 50-80% decrease in AUC\r\n*** Bosentan (Tracleer®)\r\n*** Modafinil (Provigil®)\r\n*** Nafcillin\r\n*** Phenobarbital (Luminal®)\r\n*** Rifabutin (Mycobutin®)\r\n*** Troglitazone
The subject requires a chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentin, phenobarbital, and St. John's wort)
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme- inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort within 14 days prior to the first dose of MLN8237 and during the study
Treatment with the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort within 14 days prior to the first dose of MLN8237 and during the study
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort within 14 days prior to the first dose of sorafenib and during protocol therapy must not be used as these may interfere with sorafenib metabolism. Non-enzyme inducing anticonvulsants (Keppra, etc.) can be used after discussion with study chair.
Strong inhibitors and inducers of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) should be avoided whenever possible or switched to alternatives; subjects requiring chronic concomitant treatment of strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort) are not eligible for this study
Use of cytochrome P450 enzyme-inducing anti-epileptic drugs (such as phenytoin, carbamazepine, or phenobarbital) is not allowed
Subjects who have used strong cytochrome CYP3A4 inducers (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St. John's wort [Hypericum perforatum], dexamethasone at a dose of greater than 16 mg daily for more than one day, or rifampin [rifampicin], and/or rifabutin) within 28 days before randomization
Patients cannot be receiving enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs (EIAEDs) nor any other cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) inducers such as rifampin or St. John’s wort beginning at least 14 days prior to registration step 2
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, primidone or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, or St. John's wort within 14 days prior to the first dose of MLN8237 and during the study
Use of ketoconazole, itraconazole, ritonavir, cyclosporine, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital within 2 weeks prior to and while on study therapy
Patients must be at least 10 days off any enzyme inducing anti-epileptic drugs (EIAEDs) of the cytochrome P450 (CYP-450) such as phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital
Enzyme inducing anti-epileptic drugs (EIAEDs) of the CYP-450 such as phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital
Currently on enzyme inducing anti-convulsants or other strong inducers (efavirenz, nevirapine, barbiturates, carbamazepine, modafinil, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, pioglitazone, St. John’s wort) or strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) (indinavir, nelfinavir, ritonavir, clarithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, saquinavir, telithromycin)
Use of St. John’s Wort or rifampin (rifampicin) within the last 8 weeks
Using and unable to discontinue use of concomitant strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g., including but not limited to St. John's Wort, dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, phenobarbital)
Use of St. John’s Wort or rifampin (rifampicin)
Uncontrolled seizure disorder. Use of cytochrome P450 enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs (phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital) is not allowed throughout the entire study.
Concomitant use of St. John’s Wort or rifampin (rifampicin)
Concomitant use of phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampicin, barbiturates, or St John's Wort
Concomitant use of phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampicin, phenobarbital, or St John's Wort or CYP3A4 (e.g. itraconazole, ketoconazole)
Are taking strong cytochrome P (cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 [CYP3A4]) inhibitors (e.g., clarithromycin, indinavir, itraconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, nelfinavir, posaconazole, ritonavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, voriconazole) or strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g., carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifampin, St. John’s wort/Hypericum perforatum)
Use of the following inducers are prohibited =< 12 days prior to registration\r\n* Avasimibe\r\n* Bosentan (Tracleer®)\r\n* Carbamazepine (Carbatrol®, Epitol®, Equetro™, Tegretol®, Tegretol-XR®)\r\n* Efavirenz (Sustiva®)\r\n* Modafinil (Provigil®)\r\n* Phenobarbital (Luminal®)\r\n* Phenytoin (Dilantin®, Phenytek®)\r\n* Rifabutin (Mycobutin®)\r\n* Rifampin (Rifadin®)\r\n* St. John’s wort
Patients who need to take CYP3A4 inducers, such as phenobarbital, dexamethasone, carbamazepine, phenytoin, rifampicin, or non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (e.g., efavirenz, nevirapine, etravirine) will be excluded; prior use of these agents is acceptable, as long as they are stopped at least a week prior to study entry
Receiving any medications or substances that are inducers of CYP3A4; use of the following inducers are prohibited =< 7 days prior to registration\r\n* Inducers of CYP3A4 \r\n** Efavirenz (Sustiva)\r\n** Nevirapine (Viramune)\r\n** Carbamazepine (Carbatro, Epitol, Equetro, Tegretol, Tegretol-XR)\r\n** Modafinil (Provigil)\r\n** Phenobarbital (Luminal)\r\n** Phenytoin (Dilantin, Phenytek)\r\n** Pioglitazone (Acto)\r\n** Rifabutin (Mycobutin)\r\n** Rifampin (Rifadin)\r\n** St. John’s wort
On scheduled potent CYP3A4 inducers at the time of study enrollment (avasimibe, carbamazepine, phenytoin, rifampin, efavirenz, nevirapine, barbiturates, glucocorticoids, modafinil, oxcarbazine, phenobarbital, pioglitazone, rifabutin, St. John’s wort, troglitazone)
Concomitant use of known cytochrome P450 (family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4, 5, 7 [3A4,5,7]) inducers such as carbamazepine, phenytoin, or oxcarbazepine
Received one or more of the following drugs within 14 days prior to starting study: rifampin, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, nevirapine, long-acting barbiturates
Concurrent administration of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) enzyme-inducing anti-epileptic drugs (EIAEDs) including phenytoin, phenobarbital, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine or primidone
Concurrent treatment with any medications or substances that are potent inhibitors or inducers of cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4), hepatic enzyme inducing antiepileptic drugs (EIAEDs), or other drugs known to affect the metabolism of modafinil; examples include, but are not limited to, itraconazole, ketoconazole, doxycycline, rifampin, St. John's wort, phenytoin, phenobarbital, diazepam, and tricyclic antidepressants\r\n* If patients were previously taking EIAEDs, they must be off for > 2 weeks prior to study enrollment
Subjects being treated concurrently with any prohibited medications, including investigational medication, rifampin, St. John’s wort, and potent cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inhibitors (excluding ketoconazole) unless continuation of such medications are determined by the investigator to be in the best interest of the patient
Use of any herbal remedy (e.g. St. John’s wort [Hypericum perforatum])
Use of the following CYP3A4 inducers: rifampin, rifabutin, carbamazepine, efavirenz, phenobarbital, phenytoin, fosphenytoin, primidone, and St. John’s wort)
Patients must be willing to discontinue taking dong quai and/or St. John’s wort
Patients taking significant cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inhibitors or inducers, i.e. protease inhibitors (ritonavir, nelfinavir, etc), clarithromycin, ketoconazole, fluconazole, verapamil, diltiazem, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, Rifampin, efavirenz, nevirapine
Subjects who are taking drugs known to lower the serum concentration/efficacy of posaconazole: cimetidine, rifampin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, rifabutin, barbiturates, and isoniazid at entry or within 24 hours before entry
Use of potent CYP3A4 inducers, including but not limited to rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, and St. John's wort
Concomitant use of CYP3A4 inducer medication (rifampicin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
Use of CYP3A4 inducers such as rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, and St. John's wort
Current systemic use of medications known to interact with statins and potentially increase toxicity, including gemfibrozil, cyclosporine, danazol, lomitapide, verapamil, diltiazem, dronedarone, amiodarone, amlodipine, ranolazine, strong CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., itraconazole, ketoconazole, posaconazole, voriconazole, human immunodeficiency virus [HIV] protease inhibitors, boceprevir, telaprevir, erythromycin, clarithromycin, telithromycin, nefazodone, or cobicistat-containing products), or strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g., carbamazepine, phenytoin, rifampin, St. John’s wort, bosentan, efavirenz, etravirine, modafinil, nafcillin)
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of ixazomib, with strong inhibitors of CYP1A2 (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of CYP3A (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of ginkgo biloba or St. John's wort
Concomitant medications that are potent inducers (rifampicin, rifabutin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital and St. John’s wort) of CYP3A4 function
Patients must not be taking cytochrome P450 enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs (phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital), rifampin or St. John’s wort
Current use or anticipated need for drugs that are known strong and moderate CYP3A4 inducers, including their administration within 12 days prior to the first PF-06463922 dose (i.e., phenobarbital, rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifabutin, rifapentine, clevidipine, St. John’s wort)
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of ixazomib, with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 (CYP1A2) (fluvoxamine, enoxacin, ciprofloxacin), strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) (clarithromycin, telithromycin, itraconazole, voriconazole, ketoconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole) or strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Use of drugs that are known strong CYP3A4 inducers, including but not limited to carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, and St. John's wort.
strong CYP3A inducers (including, but not limited to, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, St. John's Wort)
