Prior therapy with hydroxyurea, biological or targeted therapy (e.g. flt inhibitors, other kinase inhibitors) or hematopoietic growth factors is allowed
Prior therapy with hydroxyurea, chemotherapy, biological or targeted therapy (e.g. FLT inhibitors, other kinase inhibitors), or hematopoietic growth factors is permitted in cohort  and .
Prior therapy with hydroxyurea, chemotherapy, biological or targeted therapy (e.g. FLT inhibitors, other kinase inhibitors), or hematopoietic growth factors is allowed
ARM  AND  FRONT LINE OLDER COHORT: Patients age  years and above with previously untreated AML (>= % blasts) who are unfit for or decline standard induction therapy; prior therapy with hydroxyurea, biological or targeted therapy (e.g. FLT inhibitors, other kinase inhibitors), or hematopoietic growth factors is allowed, however prior therapy with chemotherapy agents for the disease under study is not allowed; patients may have received one dose of cytarabine (up to  g/m administered at presentation for control) of hyperleucocytosis; the frontline cohort of vidaza+nivolumab+ipilimumab and vidaza+nivolumab will be open simultaneously and we will enroll alternately to these two frontline protocols with close monitoring for futility and as specified in the predefined statistical futility and toxicity stopping rules
Prior therapy with hydroxyurea, chemotherapy, biological or targeted therapy (e.g. FLT inhibitors, other kinase inhibitors), or hematopoietic growth factors is allowed
Previously untreated AML patients, except those who have received prior therapy with hydroxyurea, single agent chemotherapy (e.g. decitabine), hematopoietic growth factors, biological or targeted therapies are allowed
Prior use of targeted therapy agents (eg, FLT inhibitors, other kinase inhibitors).
Prior therapy with hydroxyurea, chemotherapy, biological or targeted therapy (e.g. FLT inhibitors, other kinase inhibitors), or hematopoietic growth factors is allowed
Patients must be off all non-cytotoxic chemotherapies or biologic agents (e.g. azacitidine, decitabine, histone deacetylase inhibitors, tyrosine kinase inhibitors, hematopoietic growth factors, interferon, but excluding hydroxyurea and cyclophosphamide) for at least  weeks prior to starting induction chemotherapy
Prior therapy with hydroxyurea, chemotherapy, biological or targeted therapy (e.g. fms-related tyrosine kinase  [FLT] inhibitors, other kinase inhibitors), or hematopoietic growth factors is allowed
Previously untreated AML (>= % blasts) or AML M; patients with high-risk (intermediate- or\r\nhigh by International Prognostic Scoring System [IPSS] or >= % blasts) MDS will also be eligible; prior therapy with hydroxyurea, biological or targeted therapy (e.g. fms-related tyrosine kinase  [flt] inhibitors, other kinase inhibitors, azacitidine), or hematopoietic growth factors is allowed; no prior chemotherapy is allowed except for a single or a two day dose of cytarabine (up to  g/m^) for emergency use is also allowed as prior therapy
