Patients with vitiligo, endocrine deficiencies including type I diabetes mellitus, thyroiditis managed with replacement hormones including physiologic corticosteroids are eligible
Diabetes mellitus type 
For Part G: Have type  diabetes mellitus or a history of gestational diabetes mellitus. Participants with a type  diabetes mellitus are eligible if adequate control of blood glucose level is obtained with oral therapy as documented by Hemoglobin Ac <%.
Patients with controlled Type  diabetes mellitus on a stable dose of insulin regimen may be eligible for this study.
Type  or Type  diabetes mellitus requiring insulin at study entry
Patients with controlled type  diabetes mellitus on a stable insulin regimen are eligible
Participants with a history of autoimmune hypothyroidism on a stable dose of thyroid replacement hormone or participants with controlled Type  diabetes mellitus on a stable insulin regimen may be eligible for this study with approval by the medical monitor
Uncontrolled diabetes mellitus. Patients with Type II diabetes are eligible if they require only oral hypoglycemic agents and fasting blood glucose level is ?. Patients with Type I diabetes are eligible if their glycosylated hemoglobin (HbAlc) is ?.
Uncontrolled (per investigator judgment) type I or type II diabetes mellitus.
Patients with uncontrolled type  diabetes mellitus. If on a stable insulin regimen may be eligible, after discussion with principal investigator.
History of multiple sclerosis, type  diabetes mellitus (DM) or Guillain-Barre syndrome
Patients with controlled type  diabetes mellitus on a stable insulin regimen are eligible
Subjects with uncontrolled type I or II diabetes mellitus
Type  diabetes mellitus or type  diabetes mellitus actively receiving treatment
History of autoimmune disease except treated/stable hypothyroidism, Type  diabetes mellitus, and protocol-specified dermatologic conditions
Patient with an established diagnosis of diabetes mellitus type I or uncontrolled type II
Patients with active autoimmune disease, with exceptions of vitiligo, type I diabetes mellitus, hypothyroidism and psoriasis.
Diabetic patients (type I or II diabetes mellitus) must have baseline hemoglobin (Hb)Ac levels NOT higher than .% at study entry
For the Diabetes Expansion Cohort - Subjects with known history of type  diabetes\n             mellitus that are well-controlled on a stable dose of oral anti-diabetic agents such\n             as metformin and/or sulfonylureas for  weeks prior to screening.
For the Diabetes Expansion Cohort - Subjects who have type  diabetes mellitus,\n             maturity onset diabetes of the young, hyperglycemia due to reasons other than type \n             diabetes mellitus.
History of autoimmune disease except controlled/treated hypothyroidism, type  diabetes mellitus, or certain skin disorders
Patients with an established diagnosis of diabetes mellitus type I or not controlled type II
Subjects with uncontrolled type I or type II diabetes mellitus (defined as HgbAc > ).
Type  or Type  diabetes mellitus requiring anti-hyperglycemic medications
history of Diabetes Mellitus, type  or type ,
Patients with controlled Type  diabetes mellitus on a stable insulin regimen may be eligible.
Type I or II diabetes mellitus with HbAc > .% at Screening.
Known history of autoimmune disease (with the exceptions of medically-controlled hypothyroidism and type I diabetes mellitus)
Patients with type II diabetes mellitus that is well controlled by dietary measures alone and have a hemoglobin Ac (HgAc) < % are eligible to participate; patients found to have a fasting glucose >=  mmol/L (>=  mg/dL) or glycosylated hemoglobin > % ( mmol/mol) at screening should be assessed for appropriate management according to local policy; those in whom dietary measures alone provide good diabetic control will be eligible for inclusion; type I or II diabetes mellitus requiring either insulin or oral hypoglycemics for routine management will be excluded
History of type I diabetes mellitus; if a patient has type II diabetes, they must have a hemoglobin (hemoglobin AC) =< %; patients with a screening fasting glucose >  mg/dL will be excluded
Previously diagnosed diabetes mellitus Type I. Subjects with Type II diabetes are allowed if entry criteria are fulfilled
Patients with controlled Type  diabetes mellitus on a stable insulin regimen may be eligible.
Type I or II diabetes mellitus with HbAc > .% at screening (modified by amendment )
Patient with type  diabetes mellitus or not adequately controlled type  diabetes mellitus
Subject has Type  Diabetes Mellitus or Type  Diabetes Mellitus and currently being treated with insulin or sulfonylureas.
DONOR: History of type I or type II diabetes mellitus
Subjects with type  or type  diabetes mellitus
Diabetes mellitus, unless it is type II diabetes adequately controlled with anti-diabetic agents (Ac < )
Type  or  diabetes mellitus
History of Type I or Type II diabetes mellitus requiring insulin
History of Type  or  diabetes mellitus requiring regular medication (other than metformin or other oral hypoglycemic agents) or fasting glucose ? mg/dL at the prestudy visit. If a diabetic cohort is enrolled, only subjects with a medical history of controlled Type  or  diabetes mellitus will be enrolled in the cohort.
Patients with a known history of type  or type  diabetes mellitus
Diagnosis of diabetes mellitus type 
Type I diabetes mellitus
History of autoimmune disease. Patients with a history of autoimmune-related hypothyroidism on a stable dose of thyroid replacement hormone and patients with controlled type  diabetes mellitus on a stable insulin regimen may be eligible for this study.
