Documented radiological evidence for disease progression (measurable or nonmeasurable) =<  months prior to enrollment\r\n* NOTE: If patient has had previous radiation to the marker lesion(s), there must be evidence of progression since the radiation; at least one measurable lesion as per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST)
Disease must be measurable according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) .; disease that has undergone local therapy in the past  days is not considered measurable unless the investigator has documented progression despite the local therapy (for treatment phase)
Metastatic or unresectable disease and at least one measurable lesion by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria; NOTE: Nephrectomy or ablation of the primary tumor is allowed prior to enrollment
Dose expansion phase only: must have at least one measurable lesion as defined by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria
Measurable by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) version (v). (those undergoing pre-treatment resection must have imaging assessment after resection to determine measurability)\r\n* Previously irradiated sites of tumor may be considered measurable if there is radiographic progression at that site subsequent to the time of completing radiation
At least  measurable target lesion according to modified Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (mRECIST)
Patients must have evidence of radiographic disease progression within the past  months; progressive disease by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria is not required
Has measureable disease by immune-related Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (irRECIST) . criteria.
Dose expansion only: Subjects must have at least one measurable site of disease according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria; this lesion must be outside a previously irradiated area
Must have at least one measurable lesion per irRECIST (immune-related Response Evaluation Criteria Criteria in Solid Tumors):
At least  measurable target lesion according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST .) meeting the following criteria:
Must have at least  measurable lesion assessable using standard techniques by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors version . (RECIST .).
At least one target lesion based on the evaluation criteria in solid tumors (RECIST .).
Dose escalation cohorts of FAZ single agent and FAZ in combination with PDR: Patients with advanced/metastatic solid tumors with measurable or non-measurable disease as determined by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) version . who may or may not have received prior treatment with an immune checkpoint inhibitor, who have progressed despite standard therapy, or for whom no standard therapy is available.
Assessable disease status defined by Cheson (for lymphoma) or modified severity weighted assessment tool (mSWAT) (for mycosis fungoides [MF] and Sezary syndrome [SS]) criteria, or having measurable tumors defined by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors guidelines (RECIST .) (for solid tumor)
At least one measurable lesion as defined by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) .; a previously irradiated site lesion may only be counted as a target lesion if there is clear sign of progression since the irradiation
Part A (all cohorts): Have the presence of measureable and /or nonmeasurable disease as defined by the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) ..
Tumor size is measurable - measurable tumor criteria will be evaluated using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) .
Measurable metastatic melanoma with at least one lesion that is resectable for TIL generation and at least one other lesion that can be measured by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria
Have measurable disease by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria; for example, this would include tumor in the lung, liver, and retroperitoneum; bone disease is difficult to follow and quantify and as a sole site would not be acceptable
Measurable metastatic (stage IV) gastric, gastroesophageal, pancreatic, hepatocellular carcinoma, cholangiocarcinoma, gallbladder, colorectal, urothelial, breast, ovarian/endometrial carcinoma, or glioblastoma  with at least one lesion that is resectable for TIL generation with minimal morbidity preferentially using minimal invasive laparoscopic or thoracoscopic surgery for removal of superficial tumor deposit, plus one other lesion that can be measured by Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria
Participants must have measurable disease as defined by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) version ., including at least one tumor lesion that meets criteria for multi-organ site ablative radiation therapy (MOSART) SBRT radiation\r\n* . cc to  cc of viable tumor (i.e. primary disease of metastases) approximately  cm in maximal dimension; tumors larger than  cc can be partially treated\r\n* Metastases located in lung, liver, mediastinal/cervical node, spinal/paraspinal, osseous, abdominal-pelvic (lymph node/adrenal gland)
Subjects must have received neoadjuvant chemotherapy (any number of cycles) with complete or partial response as assessed by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors . (RECIST)
Presence of at least one lesion with measurable disease as defined by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria for response assessment
Metastatic disease of at least two non-central nervous system (CNS) sites (including the index lesion to be treated) measurable by RECIST criteria with at least one site outside of the radiation field and evaluable by RECIST criteria for evaluation of response
Have measurable disease based on Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) .; patients without measurable disease may be included on study after discussion with the sponsor, given that the primary endpoint of the study is Ki- of TIL (flow cytometry)
Have measurable disease based on Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . and be able to be followed over time by Immune related response criteria (irRC) for treatment decisions
Have measurable disease based on Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . including at least two metastatic lesions that meet criteria for SBRT radiation\r\n* . cc to  cc of viable tumor (i.e. primary disease or metastases) approximately  cm in maximal dimension; tumors larger than  cc can be partially treated
The subject has a biopsy-proven diagnosis of adenocarcinoma of the pancreas (or recurrence of previously resected disease) with metastatic disease that is measurable per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) .
Must have measurable disease by radiographic or physical criteria suitable for evaluation according to RECIST v. for documentation of disease response or progression.
Disease must be measurable with at least  unidimensional measurable lesion by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) .
Documented disease recurrence/progression based on Gynecologic Cancer Intergroup (GCIG)-Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST)
Subjects must have measurable disease by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria independent of the lesion irradiated
Have measurable disease with at least  unidimensional lesion based on Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) .
For patients enrolled in arm A dose level , arm A -patients expansion cohort, and arm B (first stage of phase II of TRC and pemetrexed) measurable disease is required according to the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria for patients with solid tumors and modified RECIST criteria as described by Byrne and Novak for patients with malignant pleural mesothelioma; pleural effusion and ascites are not considered measurable disease
All patients must have measurable lesions according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumours (RECIST) v. must have at least  tumour lesion amenable to biopsy, and must be medically fit and willing to undergo a biopsy before first treatment and, unless clinically contraindicated, after  weeks on therapy
Patients with metastasis outside of the abdominal cavity; except\r\n* Disease outside of the abdomen that is non-measurable by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria will be allowed
At least one clinically evaluable or uni- or bi-dimensionally measurable lesion by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria
Have a histologically or cytologically confirmed diagnosis of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and have at least one measurable lesion as defined by modified Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) .; the target lesion(s) should also have bi-dimensional measurability for RECIST . evaluation on study
Must have at least  measurable lesion per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST); the measurable lesion(s) must be outside the field of radiation therapy (RT) if there was prior treatment with RT unless progression at the site has occurred
Have at least  measurable lesion assessable using standard techniques by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v..
Measurable or evaluable indicator lesion(s) as defined by RECIST v.; patients without RECIST measurable disease will be eligible for enrollment to \Other\ cohort provided their disease can be evaluated using another accepted response criteria (e.g. Gynecologic Cancer InterGroup [GCIG] CA response criteria, positron emission tomography [PET] Response Criteria in Solid Tumors [PERCIST])
Measurable disease, defined as at least one lesion that can be accurately measured in at least one dimension by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria .
At least one Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST)-defined target lesion; patient must have documented disease progression
Patients with any type of malignancies; and/or HIV/AIDs; and/or history of solid organ transplant; and/or Merkel polyoma-virus related Merkel cell tumor(s) with measurable disease on imaging per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria
Disease progression based on RECIST (Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors) criteria while the subject has been taking fulvestrant, and for which continuation of endocrine therapy would be appropriate
Progressive disease per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . as determined by the investigator within the  months preceding study enrollment
Have at least one tumor lesion that can be accurately measured according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST version [v].)
Measurable metastatic disease by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria,\r\n* Must be amenable to ultrasound or computed tomography (CT)-guided biopsy of one metastatic lesion\r\n* Peritoneal disease as the sole site of occult metastasis or presenting as malignant ascites is acceptable if a cell block of tumor cells can be obtained showing > % viable tumor cells
Patients must have one target lesion to be utilized in order to assess response per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria
Patients must have measurable disease as defined by Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors (RECIST) version (v).\r\n* Lesions that have previously been treated with stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS) are excluded as measurable disease because distinction of radiation necrosis and tumor progression can be difficult in this setting and enlargement of the lesion may not necessarily mean progression
The target lesion(s) can be accurately measured in at least one dimension according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST)
The subject has a histologic or cytologic diagnosis of a DTC tumor (including poorly differentiated thyroid cancer but not anaplastic thyroid cancer) that is metastatic or unresectable and fulfills the following criteria:\r\n* Subjects must have progressive disease as defined by Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors version . (RECIST .) criteria when comparing baseline scans to those obtained within the prior  months AND\r\n* Subject must have radioiodine (RAI)-refractory disease based on at least one of the following:\r\n** Prior dose of RAI exceeding mCi\r\n** Progression of disease within  months following a dose of >= mCi\r\n** Presence of target lesions as defined by modified RECIST criteria which do not take up RAI
Patients must have measurable disease by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) .; at least one measurable lesion needs to be outside the field of prior therapeutic radiation or has progressed after radiation
Measurable tumor according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria with at least one unidimensionally measurable target lesion
A minimum of one measurable lesion defined as: \r\n* Meeting the criteria for measurable disease according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST)
Histologically proven pancreatic adenocarcinoma with measurable disease, defined as at least  unidimensionally measurable lesion on imaging as defined by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria
At least one measurable lesion according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST .) (or for thymic carcinoma, at least one measurable lesion per International Thymic Malignancy Interest Group (ITMIG) modified RECIST . criteria
The target lesion(s) can be accurately measured in at least one dimension according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) and must have a maximum tumor volume of =<  cm^
Stage II of the trial: evaluable disease by Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria must be present for all subjects in the randomized component of the trial if surgery or radiation is planned, the target lesions may not be so treated until after the assessment of the effect of chemotherapy
Patients with progressive disease by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria by imaging techniques are not eligible to proceed to the second transplant; tumor marker increase alone is not sufficient to diagnose disease progression
Documented progression of disease per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) ., defined as any progression that requires a change in treatment, prior to randomization
At least  measurable lesion according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST v..) in contrast enhanced (unless contraindicated) CT or MRI
At least one evaluable or uni- or bi-dimensionally measurable lesion by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) .criteria; (patients whose only nodal disease is cystic and not positron emission tomography [PET]-avid are not eligible)
At least  measurable lesion according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST .) in contrast enhanced (unless contraindicated) CT or MRI.
Phase II only: Must have at least one measurable lesion as defined by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria
Metastatic disease in at least two distinct lesions (including the index lesion to be treated) with at least one site outside of the radiation field and evaluable by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria for evaluation of response
At least one measurable lesion by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria
At least one measurable lesion by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria
Patients must have measurable disease, defined as at least one lesion that can be accurately measured in at least one dimension in accordance with Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria version (v.) . and >=  site safe for biopsy
Patients with confirmed diagnosis of ECD that are asymptomatic and with no visceral involvement are not eligible for this trial (patients with no target lesions as per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors [RECIST] . criteria)
Must have a minimum of  radiographically distinct (> . cm) lesions measurable by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . at time of study enrollment (>  preferred)\r\n* A maximum of  metastases per treated organ may be targeted for HD-XRT, but must be separated by more than  cm of normal tissue\r\n* At least  non-irradiated lesions are required for systemic response assessments
Measurable disease, i.e., at least one measurable lesion as per Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria only for expansion cohorts
Patients enrolled in the dose expansion phase must have at least one measurable lesion as defined by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria for solid tumors or measurable nodal disease at baseline as defined by Cheson criteria for lymphoma
Non-measurable and/or measurable disease by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria, or abnormal cancer antigen (CA)- to levels (in patients with ovarian cancer) at least . x normal documented by two independent measurements at least  weeks apart
Has at least one measurable lesion based on Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . as confirmed by the blinded central imaging vendor.
At least  measurable lesion according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria for response assessment (certain exceptions may apply)
Patients in the phase II portion must have measurable disease by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria; previously irradiated sites can be included if there is documented progression of disease in that site; patients in the phase I portion do not require measurable disease by RECIST . criteria
At least one site of disease that is measurable by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) (version .) criteria that has not been previously irradiated; if the patient has had previous radiation to the target lesion(s), there must be evidence of progression since the radiation
Dose Expansion Phase: at least one measureable lesion as defined by RECIST [Response Evaluation Criterion in Solid Tumors] version ..
As defined by the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST .), the Revised Response Criteria for Malignant Lymphoma or the Response Assessment in Neuro Oncology (RANO) criteria for glioblastoma:
Have at least one untreated and progressing tumor lesion that can be accurately measured according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumor
Must have measurable tumor per Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors (RECIST) or modified RECIST for malignant pleural mesothelioma
At least one measurable lesion according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) ..
Has measurable disease based on Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . as confirmed by the blinded central imaging vendor
Measurable disease as defined by Immune-Related Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (irRECIST).
Patients must have measurable disease, defined as at least one lesion that can be accurately measured in at least one dimension (longest diameter to be recorded) (Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors [RECIST] criteria .)
Have either measureable or nonmeasurable disease as defined by the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST v.).
Measurable disease according to modified RECIST (Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumours) criteria
At least one site of disease that is measurable by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria that has not been previously irradiated; if the patient has had previous radiation to the target lesion(s), there must be evidence of progression since the radiation
The patient must have measurable disease according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) version (v). and must have one site amenable to biopsy that, in the opinion of the investigator and/or interventional radiologist, is likely to yield acceptable tumor sample for a core biopsy per the above pathology criteria
At least one measurable lesion according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria or any other baseline prerequisite for the assessment of the principal judgement criteria
Have a diagnosis of NSCLC with at least  measurable lesion assessable using standard techniques by the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors Version . (RECIST .).
Have measurable disease based on Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . for peritoneal mesothelioma, and modified RECIST for pleural mesothelioma
Part  only: Measureable tumor (Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors [RECIST] .)
Measurable disease per modified Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) .; a lesion in a previously irradiated area is ineligible to be considered as measurable disease unless there is objective evidence of progression of the lesion prior to study enrollment
Measurable (Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors [RECIST] .) indicator lesion not previously irradiated
No disease progression (i.e. stable disease [SD] or better response by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors [RECIST] .) at the completion of chemotherapy.
Patients must have at least one tumor lesion that meets the following criteria: the lesion can be accurately measured in at least one dimension according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumor (RECIST)
Measurable tumor according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria with at least one unidimensionally measurable target lesion
One or more measurable metastatic tumors measurable on CT san per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST v.. ), excluding the primary lesion.
Progressive disease after androgen deprivation, as defined by Prostate Cancer Working Group  and/or Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors criteria
At least one clinically evaluable or uni- or bi-dimensionally measurable lesion by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria
Patients must have a primary or metastatic lesion measurable in at least one dimension by modified Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria v. within  weeks prior to entry of study
Measurable disease by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors- (RECIST) . criteria; previous irradiated tumor is acceptable if there is at least a % increase in the size of the previously irradiated lesion
At least one measurable lesion according to response evaluation criteria in solid tumours version .
In continuous complete or partial remission or stable disease according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumours (RECIST) after standard first-line treatment.
As defined by the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST .) or the Revised Response Criteria for Malignant Lymphoma
Have the presence of measurable disease as defined by the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST .). A lesion that has been previously treated by local therapy will qualify as a measurable or evaluable lesion if there was demonstrable progression following locoregional therapy
Patients may be registered on study prior to completing all chemotherapy but only those having a response or stable disease by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria after  to  cycles of first-line chemotherapy may proceed on study with SBRT/radiation therapy (RT) treatment
Measurable disease as per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . besides the tumor that is expected to be radiated; bony lesions without soft tissue component are not measurable lesions
Patient has at least one measurable nodal lesion (>=  cm) according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Lymphoma (RECIL) criteria
Measurable (Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors version . [RECIST .]) indicator lesion not previously irradiated
At least  measurable target lesion according to Response Evaluation in Solid Tumors (RECIST) .
Measurable (Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors [RECIST] .) indicator lesion not previously irradiated
At least  measurable lesion as defined by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST).
Must have at least  measurable lesion per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . with progressing or new tumors since last antitumor therapy
Have at least  measurable lesion assessable using standard techniques by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumours (RECIST) v.
Have at least  measurable lesion per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) .. CRPC participants may be enrolled with objective evidence of disease as per Prostate Cancer Working Group (PCWG) criteria
Measurable indicator lesion by modified Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria
Subject has at least  measureable lesion (not including any lesion that was irradiated) based on Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) version ..
At least one measurable lesion as defined by modified Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria
Patients must have at least one uni-dimensional measurable lesion by CT or MRI according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST)version .. (applicable only in Phase )
Disease progression by PSA criteria (PSA Working Group Consensus Criteria Eligibility) and/or Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria
Measurable disease by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST)-. criteria; previous irradiated tumor is acceptable if there is at least a % increase in the size of the previously irradiated lesion
At least one measurable lesion according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumours (RECIST) v.
Patients disease must be bi-dimensionally measurable by caliper or radiological method as defined in the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria; for subjects with a single lesion, archived tissue must be available for research analysis; multiple superficial melanoma lesions must have an aggregate total diameter of >= mm
Have at least  measurable lesion outside of the central nervous system (CNS) whose presence is assessable using standard techniques by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) version ..
Patient must have previously progressed on abiraterone (either by PCWG criteria or Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors [RECIST] criteria)
Radiographically documented measurable disease at study entry per response evaluation criteria in solid tumours ( RECIST) v..
Measurable (Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors [RECIST .]) indicator lesion not previously irradiated
At least one measurable lesion according to Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumours (RECIST) version .
At least one target lesion that has not been treated with local therapy and is measurable by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v.
Previously treated with trametinib on Arm A and experienced objective disease progression by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) .
Soft tissue disease progression as defined by the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST .)
Radiographically measurable disease; measurable disease is defined as disease that can be assessed with -dimensional measurements on a cross-sectional imaging; minimum lesion size is  cm in greatest diameter as per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria
Subjects with advanced and/or metastatic solid tumors or B-NHL who are either refractory to or have relapsed from standard therapies, or for whom a standard therapy does not exist with measurable disease per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria
Documented progressive disease based on investigator assessment according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumours (RECIST) following receipt of at least two cycles of cisplatin or carboplatin administered for R/M disease
Patients enrolled in the dose expansion phase must have at least one measurable lesion as defined by RECIST criteria for solid tumors or Measurable nodal disease at baseline as defined by Cheson criteria for Lymphoma.
Patients must have at least one measurable site of disease according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria that has not been previously irradiated; if the patient has had previous radiation to the marker lesion(s), there must be evidence of progression since the radiation
Documented radiological evidence for disease progression (measurable or nonmeasurable) =<  months prior to enrollment; NOTE: if the patient has had previous radiation to the marker lesion(s), there must be evidence of progression since the radiation; at least one measurable lesion as per Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors (RECIST)
Cutaneous tumor deposits that, in the opinion of the investigator are amenable to sequential biopsies for correlative analyses; in addition to these, all patients must have measurable disease (i.e., present with at least one measurable lesion per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors [RECIST], version .)
Symptoms uncontrolled by somatostatin analogues OR morphologically progressive tumor by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria in the liver OR baseline tumor burden > % of the liver volume
At least one lesion measurable according to PET Response Criteria in Solid Tumors (PERCIST) v.: >  cm in diameter to avoid PET partial volume effects
Disease measurable or evaluable as defined by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) ., a mass of greater than  cm in the long axis and/or other tumor response criteria from an MSKCC institutional review board (IRB)-approved clinical research protocol; NOTE: study patients do not need to be participating in an MSKCC approved clinical trial prior to study recruitment
Disease measurable or evaluable as defined by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . or other tumor response criteria from an MSKCC Institutional Review Board (IRB)-approved clinical research protocol; NOTE: Study patients do not need to be participating in an MSKCC approved clinical trial prior to study recruitment
Disease is measurable or evaluable as defined by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) (. or original version) or other tumor response criteria from an MSKCC Institutional Review Board (IRB)-approved clinical research protocol\r\n* This criterion does not apply to patients with myeloproliferative neoplasm; the presence of active myeloproliferative neoplasm will be determined by applicable disease-specific diagnostic criteria and patient assessment by the patients oncologist and trial investigators (eg, manifestations of active myeloproliferative neoplasm [MPN] such as splenomegaly, abnormal blood counts, etc)
Eligible adult patients currently meeting inclusion criteria and will be treated with an investigational or recently approved therapeutic agent at HCI; the patients must have measurable disease based on Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria; RECIST imaging must be current and have been obtained within  days prior to the baseline imaging session
Presence of at least one measurable lesion according to modified Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (mRECIST)
Subjects are required to have measurable disease that has progressed through prior therapy and that includes a non-hepatic lesion for imaging that is >= . cm, as defined by modified Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST)
Measurable disease according to RECIST v.. (or Choi criteria and/or EORTC metabolic response criteria for solid tumors, in the case of GIST); or
Additional Inclusion Requirements for expansion cohorts only a) Measurable disease per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) guidelines (Version .) and at least  nonsignificant risk, non-target lesion accessible for biopsy per the guidelines above (for TAK- + nivolumab and TAK- (plozalizumab) + nivolumab only).
Measurable disease according to Immune-Related Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors (irRECIST)
