The subject has or had any active infection requiring systemic antibiotic, antifungal or antiviral therapy within the past  weeks
Systemic infection requiring intravenous (IV) antibiotic or antifungal or antiviral therapy within  days preceding the first dose of study drug, or other severe infection
Currently receiving systemic antibiotic, antiviral, or antifungal therapy for the treatment of an active infection
Known infection requiring the systemic use of, for example, an antibiotic or antiviral agent
Current active infection requiring systemic antibiotic or antifungal therapy
Off antibiotic/antifungal therapy for >/= days (Cohort C)
Has active infection requiring treatment with systemic (intravenous or oral) anti-infectives (antibiotic, antifungal, or antiviral agent) ?  days of CD
Patient has or had any active infection requiring antibiotic, antifungal, or antiviral therapy within the  weeks prior to administration of Toca .
Active (uncontrolled) infection requiring systemic antibiotic therapy with antibacterial, antifungal, or antiviral agents (excluding HIV)
Active, systemic infection requiring intravenous (IV) antibiotic, antifungal, or antiviral therapy or other serious infection within  days before the first dose of study drug.
Developed the current episode of IA infection during receipt of > days of antifungal prophylaxis with an agent considered to be a mold-active antifungal agent.
Chronic or current active infection requiring systemic antibiotic, antifungal, or antiviral treatment
Presence of a fungal infection requiring systemic antifungal treatment at enrollment
Serious, uncontrolled infection requiring systemic antibiotic, antifungal or antiviral therapy. Prophylactic antibiotic, antifungal and/or antiviral therapy is permitted
Patients with any serious active infection (i.e., requiring an intravenous antibiotic, antifungal, or antiviral agent)
Ongoing systemic bacterial, fungal, or viral infections at the time of initiation of study treatment (defined as requiring IV antimicrobial, antifungal or antiviral agents) ( Subjects on antimicrobial, antifungal or antiviral prophylaxis are not specifically excluded if all other inclusion/exclusion criteria are met and there is no evidence of active infection at Screening and/or Cycle  Day  (predose))
Active infection requiring antibiotic, antiviral, or antifungal treatment.
Received >  hours of systemic antibacterial therapy within  hours of the initiation of inpatient IV study drug for treatment of suspected infection; antibiotic prophylaxis is allowed; prophylactic use of antiviral or antifungal medication is permitted
Active infection requiring systemic antibiotic therapy with antibacterial, antifungal, or antiviral agents (excluding HIV)
Currently active and uncontrolled infectious disease requiring systemic antibiotic, antifungal, or antiviral treatment
Uncontrolled infection; to be eligible, patients receiving treatment for an infection (antibiotic, antifungal or antiviral treatment) must be afebrile (< . degrees Celsius [C]) and without hemodynamic instability or dyspnea from pneumonia for >  hours (hrs) prior to the start of induction therapy
Participant has an ongoing or active infection requiring parenteral antibiotic, antifungal, or antiviral therapy
Ongoing systemic bacterial, fungal, or viral infections at the time of initiation of study treatment (defined as requiring IV antimicrobial, antifungal or antiviral agents) ? Subjects on antimicrobial, antifungal or antiviral prophylaxis are not specifically excluded if all other inclusion/exclusion criteria are met and there is no evidence of active infection at randomization
Active or uncontrolled infection. Patients with an infection receiving treatment (antibiotic, antifungal or antiviral treatment) may be entered into the study but must be afebrile and hemodynamically stable for ? hrs.
Invasive fungal or viral infection not responding to appropriate antifungal or antiviral therapies.
Evidence of significant active infection requiring antimicrobial, antifungal, antiparasitic, or antiviral therapy or for which other supportive care is given
Patients requiring intravenous (IV) antiviral or IV antibiotic treatment for ongoing infections
Subjects on antimicrobial, antifungal or antiviral prophylaxis are not specifically excluded if all other I/E criteria are met
Patients requiring IV antiviral or IV antibiotic treatment for ongoing infections
Serious, uncontrolled infection requiring systemic antibiotic, antifungal or antiviral therapy
Active infection requiring systemic antibacterial/antibiotic, antifungal, or antiviral therapy.
Active or uncontrolled infection. Patients with any infection receiving treatment (antibiotic, antifungal or antiviral treatment) may be entered into the study but must be afebrile and hemodynamically stable for ? hrs. Patients with fevers believed to be due to leukemia or MDS are eligible provided a thorough infection work-up is negative and the patient is clinically and hemodynamically stable.
Does the subject have, or has the subject had, within the past  weeks any infection requiring antibiotic, antifungal or antiviral therapy?
Active infection requiring treatment with systemic (intravenous or oral) anti-infectives (antibiotic, antifungal, or antiviral agent) within  hours of screening.
Has an ongoing or active infection requiring parenteral antibiotic, antifungal, or antiviral therapy
The participant has an ongoing or active infection requiring parenteral antibiotic, antifungal, or antiviral therapy.
Known active infections requiring IV antibiotic, antiviral, or antifungal therapy.
Active or uncontrolled infection. Patients with any infection receiving treatment (antibiotic,antifungal or antiviral treatment) may be entered into the study but must be afebrile and hemodynamically stable for ? hrs. Patients with fevers believed to be due to leukemia or MDS are eligible provided a thorough infection work-up is negative and the patient is clinically and hemodynamically stable.
Any evidence of serious active, uncontrolled infection (i.e., requiring an IV antibiotic or antiviral agent)
Use of systemic antibacterial, antifungal, or antiviral medications for the treatment of acute clinically significant infection within  weeks of first veledimex dose. Concomitant therapy for chronic infections is not allowed. Subjects must be afebrile prior to Ad-RTS-hIL- injection; only prophylactic antibiotic use is allowed perioperatively
Active uncontrolled infection [i.e., antibiotic, antifungal or antiviral intervention indicated or surgical procedure (i.e., pleural or deep abscess drainage) conducted within  days prior to inclusion].
