Total abstinence (when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the subject. Periodic abstinence (e.g., calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, post-ovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception
Total abstinence from sexual relations for the duration of the treatment when applicable to the lifestyle of the patient. Periodic abstinence (eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, post-ovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception
Total abstinence (when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the subject. Periodic abstinence (e.g., calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, post-ovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.
true sexual abstinence when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the subject. Periodic abstinence (e.g. calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, post-ovulation methods), declaration of abstinence for the duration of the trial, and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.
Total abstinence (when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the patient. Periodic abstinence (e.g., calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, post-ovulation methods) and withdrawal are NOT acceptable methods of contraception
Agree to practice true abstinence when this is line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant. (Periodic abstinence [eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, post-ovulation methods] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.). Male participants, even if surgically sterilized (ie, status post vasectomy), who:
Agree to practice true abstinence when this is line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant. (Periodic abstinence [eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, post-ovulation methods] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.)
Remain abstinent or use a condom as defined in Section ...., starting at the planned first dose of IP until  days following the last dose of IP. The reliability of sexual abstinence should be evaluated in relation to the duration of the clinical trial and the preferred and usual lifestyle of the subject. Periodic abstinence (e.g., calendar, ovulation, sympto-thermal, or post-ovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.
Patients of childbearing or child fathering potential must use medically acceptable form(s) of birth control as stated within the pomalidomide Pregnancy Risk Minimization Plan, which includes abstinence, while being treated on this study; true abstinence is acceptable when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the patient; periodic abstinence (e.g., calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, post-ovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception
Agreed to practice true abstinence, when this was in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant. (Periodic abstinence [eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, post-ovulation methods] and withdrawal were not acceptable methods of contraception.) OR
Periodic abstinence (calendar ovulation, symptothermal, post-ovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable.
Periodic abstinence (calendar ovulation, symptothermal, post-ovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable.
Total abstinence (if this is the usual lifestyle of the subject). Periodic abstinence (e.g., calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, post-ovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception. (Subject must agree to use contraception should they become sexually active while on the study.)
Total abstinence (when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the patient. Periodic abstinence (e.g., calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, post-ovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception
