Prior radiation therapy (RT) after initial diagnosis will be allowed but there must be at least  months from the completion of RT (or radiosurgery); prior chemotherapy and any systemic molecularly targeted anti-tumor therapy will be allowed, and there must be at least  days from the last temodar chemotherapy,  days for nitrosourea? at least  days from the last dose for chemotherapy regimens given continuously or on a weekly basis with limited potential for delayed toxicity
Currently receiving cancer therapy (chemotherapy, radiation therapy, immuno- therapy, biologic therapy, hormonal therapy, surgery, and/or tumour embolization).The following are allowed: Hydroxyurea for proliferative disease, Corticosteroids, Use of hematopoetic growth factors is permitted at the discretion of the investigator according to published guidelines (e.g., National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN), American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO), American Society of Hematology (ASH), etc.). The following are NOT allowed: Investigational anti cancer drug within  weeks prior to the first dose of GSK; Major surgery, radiotherapy, or immunotherapy within  weeks of GSK Chemotherapy regimens with delayed toxicity within the last  weeks. Chemotherapy regimens given continuously or on a weekly basis with limited potential for delayed toxicity within the last  weeks. Nitrosourea or mitomycin C within the last  weeks
Any major surgery, radiotherapy, or immunotherapy within the last  days (focal radiation does not require a washout period; ? weeks for WBRT). Chemotherapy regimens with delayed toxicity within the last  weeks. Chemotherapy regimens given continuously or on a weekly basis with limited potential for delayed toxicity within the last  weeks.
Chemotherapy regimen given on every -week schedule within the last  weeks. Chemotherapy given on the weekly basis with limited potential for delayed toxicity within the last  weeks
At least  weeks from last chemotherapy or bevacizumab (Avastin) therapy ( weeks for nitrosourea or mitomycin C), or for chemotherapy regimens given continuously or on a weekly basis with limited potential for delayed toxicity, at least  weeks from last dose.
Any radiotherapy or immunotherapy within the last  weeks (limited palliative radiation is allowed >=  weeks); chemotherapy regimens with delayed toxicity within the last  weeks (or within the last  weeks for prior nitrosourea or mitomycin C); chemotherapy regimens given continuously or on a weekly basis with limited potential for delayed toxicity within the last  weeks
Any radiotherapy or immunotherapy within the last  days (limited palliative radiation is allowed >=  weeks); chemotherapy regimens with delayed toxicity within the last  weeks; chemotherapy regimens given continuously or on a weekly basis with limited potential for delayed toxicity within the last  weeks
Received major surgery, radiotherapy, or immunotherapy within  weeks of GSK administration. Chemotherapy regimens with delayed toxicity within the last four weeks (six weeks for prior nitrosourea or mitomycin C). Chemotherapy regimens given continuously or on a weekly basis with limited potential for delayed toxicity or palliative radiation to a limited area within the last two weeks.
Received chemotherapy regimens with delayed toxicity within the last four weeks (six weeks for prior nitrosourea or mitomycin C). Received chemotherapy regimens given continuously or on a weekly basis with limited potential for delayed toxicity within the last two weeks.
At least  days must have elapsed for chemotherapy regimens, biologic, and targeted therapy given continuously or on a weekly basis with limited potential for delayed toxicity.
Chemotherapy regimens within the last  days (or within  weeks for prior nitrosourea or mitomycin C). Chemotherapy regimens, biologic, and targeted therapy given continuously or on a weekly basis with limited potential for delayed toxicity within the last  days.
At least  weeks from last chemotherapy or bevacizumab (Avastin) therapy ( weeks for nitrosourea or mitomycin C), or for chemotherapy regimes given continuously or on a weekly basis with limited potential for delayed toxicity, at least  weeks from last dose.
Chemotherapy regimens with delayed toxicity within the last  weeks. Chemotherapy regimens given continuously or on a weekly basis with limited potential for delayed toxicity within the last  weeks.
