Patients receiving anticoagulation treatment are allowed to participate with international normalized ratio (INR) established within the therapeutic range
International normalized ratio (INR) =< . times ULN; subjects receiving anticoagulant therapy are eligible if their INR is stable and within the recommended range for the desired level of anticoagulation
FOR SECOND-LINE THERAPY ONLY: Prothrombin time and partial thromboplastin time (PTT) must be =<  X the upper limit of the institution's normal range and INR (international normalized ratio) < ; subjects on anticoagulation (such as coumadin) will be permitted to enroll as long as the INR is in the acceptable therapeutic range as determined by the investigator
Transaminases ?  times above the upper limits of the institutional normal, - INR< (international normalized ratio) if off of anticoagulation. Patients on anticoagulation therapy with an INR> may be enrolled at the discretion of the investigator if they have not had any episodes of severe hemorrhage and if the site to be injected is not located in the oropharynx or another area where achieving homeostasis would be complicated by local anatomy.
International normal ratio (INR) < . or ? institutional ULN (or ? . if on therapeutic anticoagulation)
PT-INR > x upper limit of normal reference range (ULN) in the absence of anticoagulation within  days prior to Day 
Prothrombin time (PT)/international normalized ratio (INR) =< . x institutional upper limit of normal (or an in-range INR, usually between  and  if a patient is on a stable dose of therapeutic warfarin)
International normalized ratio (INR) =< . X institutional upper limit of normal (ULN) for patients not receiving therapeutic anticoagulation (unless dysfunction is secondary to lymphoma involvement)
International normalized ratio (INR) < , at the time of enrollment; subjects on anticoagulation (such as coumadin) will be permitted to enroll as long as the INR is in the acceptable therapeutic range as determined by the investigator
International normalized ration (INR) within . x ULN institutional limits, except where a lupus anti-coagulant has been confirmed
Partial thromboplastin time (PTT) must be =< . x upper normal limit of institution's normal range and INR (international normalized ratio) < .; subjects on anticoagulant (such as warfarin) will be permitted to enroll as long as the INR is in the acceptable therapeutic range as determined by the investigator
Therapeutic anticoagulation with international normalized ratio (INR) modifying drug of or use of antiplatelet therapy (with the exception of low dose aspirin < mg/d)
Patients on anticoagulant therapy with unstable dose of warfarin and/or having an out-of- therapeutic range international normalized ratio (INR) (> ) within the  weeks prior to drug administration
Prothrombin time (PT) or international normalized ratio (INR) =< . x upper limit of normal (ULN); subjects receiving anticoagulation therapy are eligible if their INR is stable and within the recommended range for the desired level of anticoagulation
International Normalized Ratio (INR) or PT/aPTT <. x ULN. For subjects receiving anticoagulation therapy, PT/aPTT and INR should not be greater than the recommended range for the intended use of the anticoagulant
Prothrombin time (PT) or international normalized ratio (INR) =< . x ULN; NOTE: subjects receiving anticoagulant therapy are eligible if their INR is stable and within the recommended range for the desired level of anticoagulation
Coagulation: INR < . times normal, aPTT < . times normal. Patients receiving therapeutic doses of anticoagulant therapy may be considered eligible for the trial if INR and aPTT are within the acceptable therapeutic limits for the institution.
Partial thromboplastin time (PTT) must be =< . X upper normal limit of institution's normal range and INR (international normalized ratio) =< .; subjects on anticoagulant (such as coumadin) will be permitted to enroll as long as the INR is in the acceptable therapeutic range as determined by the investigator; alternate anticoagulation should be considered
Performed within  days prior to study: International normalized ratio (INR) <  if off of anticoagulation; patients on anticoagulation therapy with an INR >  may be enrolled at the discretion of the investigator if they have not had any episodes of severe hemorrhage
International normalized ratio (INR) < .; subjects on anticoagulant (such as Coumadin) will be permitted to enroll as long as the INR is in the acceptable therapeutic range as determined by the investigator
Prothrombin time (PT) such that international normalized ratio (INR) is less than or equal to . x ULN (or an in-range INR, usually between  and , if a patient is on a stable dose of therapeutic warfarin) and a partial thromboplastin time (PTT) less than or equal to . x ULN; Note: Subjects receiving anticoagulant therapy are eligible if their INR is stable and within the recommended range for the desired level of anticoagulation
Inadequate liver or renal function; Intracranial bleeds or invasive malignancy over the previous  years - international normalized ratio (INR) laboratory values cannot be > . x upper limit of normal at study entry.
Prothrombin Time or INR ?.x upper limit of normal (ULN) unless receiving therapeutic anticoagulation.
International normalized ratio (INR) < . x ULN for institution unless patient is on planned therapy with anticoagulants (i.e., warfarin) with higher target planned obtained =<  days prior to registration; in those cases, INR up to . is acceptable
Prothrombin time (PT) such that international normalized ratio (INR) is =< . times upper limit of normal (or an in-range INR, usually between  and , if a patient is on a stable dose of therapeutic warfarin)
Prothrombin time (PT) or international normalized ratio (INR) =< . x upper limit of normal (ULN) (tested within  days prior to registration) \r\n* Subjects receiving anticoagulant therapy are eligible if their INR is stable and within the recommended range for the desired level of anticoagulation
Prothrombin time (PT) or international normalized ratio (INR), and activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT) =< . x ULN; subjects receiving anticoagulant therapy are eligible if their INR is stable and within the recommended range for the desired level of anticoagulation
Patients receiving anticoagulation treatment are allowed to participate with international normalized ratio (INR) established within the therapeutic range
International normalized ratio (INR) =< . X upper limit of normal (ULN); only required for patients receiving anticoagulant therapy; patients are eligible if their INR is stable and within the recommended range for the desired level of anticoagulation
International normalized ratio (INR) =< . x institutional upper limit of normal (IULN); patients receiving anticoagulant therapy are eligible if their INR is stable and within the recommended range for the desired level of anticoagulation
International normalized ratio (INR) =< . X upper limit of normal (ULN); subjects receiving anticoagulant therapy are eligible if their INR is stable and within the recommended range for the desired level of anticoagulation
Prothrombin time (PT) or international normalized ratio =< . X upper limit of normal (ULN); subjects receiving anticoagulant therapy are eligible if their international normalized ratio (INR) is within the recommended range for the desired level of anticoagulation
International normalized ratio (INR) =< .; subjects on anticoagulant (such as Coumadin) will be permitted to enroll as long as the INR is in the acceptable therapeutic range as determined by the investigator
Prothrombin time (PT) or international normalized ratio (INR) =< . X upper limit of normal (ULN); subjects receiving anticoagulant therapy are eligible if their INR is stable and within the recommended range for the desired level of anticoagulation
International normalized ratio (INR) =< . patients receiving anticoagulant therapy are eligible if their INR is stable and within the recommended range for the desired level of anticoagulation
International normalized ratio (INR) =< . (anticoagulation is allowed if target INR =< . on a stable dose for >  weeks at time of study entry)
International normalized ratio (INR) . to upper limit of normal (ULN) or ?  for subjects receiving anticoagulant therapy such as Coumadin or heparin
Prothrombin time or international normalized ratio (INR) =< . x upper limit of normal (ULN) unless receiving therapeutic anticoagulation
International normalized ratio (INR) =< . x upper limit of normal unless patient is receiving anticoagulants; if patient is on anticoagulation therapy, levels should be within therapeutic range
Partial thromboplastin time (PTT) must be =< . X upper normal limit of institution's normal range and international normalized ratio (INR) < .; subjects on anticoagulant (such as Coumadin) will be permitted to enroll as long as the INR is in the acceptable therapeutic range as determined by the investigator
Prothrombin time (PT) such that the international normalized ratio (INR) is less than or equal to . x ULN (institutional upper limit of normal) (or an in-range INR, usually between  and , if a patient is on a stable dose of therapeutic warfarin) and a partial thromboplastin time (PTT) less than or equal to . x ULN; subjects receiving anticoagulant therapy are eligible if their INR is stable and PT/PTT therapeutic and within the recommended range for the desired level of anticoagulation
Prothrombin time (PT) or international normalized ratio (INR) =< . X upper limit of normal (ULN) (evaluated within  days of randomization); subjects receiving anticoagulant therapy are eligible if their INR is stable and within the recommended range for the desired level of anticoagulation
