Measurable disease by RECIST v. with at least one measurable target lesion
Measurable disease by RECIST v. with at least  measurable lesion;
Subject has at least one measurable lesion per RECIST v..
Patients with measurable disease must have at least one target lesion as defined by RECIST . to be used to assess response on this protocol
At least one radiologically measurable lesion as per RECIST .
At least  measurable lesion by RECIST .
Measurable disease, as defined by RECIST v.. At least one lesion accessible for biopsy
Disease must be measurable with at least  unidimensional measurable lesion by RECIST ..
Phase II: Patients with advanced/metastatic tumors in the below selected indications, with at least one measurable lesion as determined by RECIST v. or RANO
Presence of at least one measurable lesion according to RECIST v..
Tumor measurable by RECIST . including >=  target lesion not planned for biopsy
Presence of at least one measurable lesion according to RECIST v..
Presence of at least one measurable lesion as defined by RECIST .
Patients must have at least  measurable metastatic lesion by RECIST. criteria
Have measurable disease based on RECIST .. (in addition to the lesion/s that will be treated with stereotactic radiation therapy)
At least one index lesion that will not undergo RT or ablation, and which is measurable based on RECIST .
Patients with the presence of at least one measurable lesion as defined by RECIST . criteria for response assessment
Patients must have at least  lesion that is measurable using RECIST guidelines\r\n* NOTE: A previously irradiated lesion can be considered a target lesion if the lesion is well defined, measurable per RECIST, and has clearly progressed\r\n* NOTE: For patients with infiltrative disease, evaluable disease needs to be confirmed by pathology if RECIST measurements cannot be made
Patients must have at least one measurable lesion as defined per RECIST .
At least  measurable lesion (as per RECIST v.) progressing or new since last anti-tumor therapy.
At least one measurable lesion as defined by RECIST .
Has measurable disease, defined as at least  tumor that fulfills the criteria for a target lesion according to RECIST ., or lymphoma that fulfills the Deauville PET Criteria
Presence of at least one measurable lesion according to RECIST v..
Measurable or nonmeasurable disease by RECIST criteria (at least one target or nontarget lesion)
Has ? measurable lesion as defined by RECIST . on imaging studies.
At least one measurable lesion as defined by RECIST .
Subject has at least one measurable lesion according to RECIST ..
Patients must have at least one measurable or non-measurable lesion (dose escalation only) as defined by RECIST v.
Patients must have at least one measurable lesion per RECIST . criteria.
At least  unirradiated target lesion measurable by RECIST
patients with NSCLC, UC, mBC, or SCCHN must have measurable disease by RECIST v. criteria with at least one uni-dimensional measurable lesion;
For the expansion cohort only: measurable disease by RECIST v. with at least one measurable target lesion
Participants must have at least a single (RECIST v.-defined) measurable lesion.
Patients must have at least one lesion that meets the definition of measurable disease by RECIST .
At least one target lesion that is measurable by RECIST . for solid tumors, or IWG  for lymphoma
Measurable disease (at least one target lesion) according to RECIST v.
Have at least  measurable (i.e., target) lesion per RECIST v..
Patients must have at least  lesion that is measurable using RECIST guidelines.
Presence of at least one measurable lesion according to RECIST v..
At least one radiographically measurable lesion per RECIST .
Subjects must have at least  extracranial, unresectable, non-bony lesion that is measurable radiographically (based on RECIST .)
At least one index lesion that will not undergo RT and which is measurable based on RECIST .
Has measurable disease, defined as at least  tumor that fulfills the criteria for a target lesion according to RECIST ..
At least one index lesion that will not undergo RT or ablation, and which is measurable based on RECIST .
Measurable disease, defined as at least  tumor that fulfills the criteria for a target lesion according to RECIST ., and obtained by imaging within  days prior to registration for protocol therapy.
Subjects must have at least one measurable lesion per RECIST .
Has at least  radiologically measurable lesion as defined by RECIST .
Presence of at least one measurable lesion per RECIST . criteria
Disease must be measurable, with ? unidimensional measurable lesion per RECIST ..
Patients must have measurable disease (at least one measurable lesion) as defined by RECIST criteria; all sites of disease must be evaluated within  weeks prior to registration to treatment
At least  measurable lesion as defined by RECIST v.
At least one measurable or non-measurable lesion as per RECIST . criteria for patients in Phase Ib; Measurable disease as determined by RECIST v. for Phase II patients
Has measurable disease, defined as at least  tumor that fulfills the criteria for a target lesion according to RECIST .;
Measurable disease by RECIST v. with at least one measurable target lesion
Measurable lesion by RECIST .
At least one measurable lesion per RECIST v.. However, breast cancer patients with only bone disease are also eligible.
At least  measurable lesion per RECIST v.; subjects whose only measurable lesion is a lymph node will be excluded
Patients must have presence of at least  lesion that is measurable or evaluable using RECIST v..
During the dose expansion part of study, all patients must have at least one measurable lesion as defined by RECIST criteria.
At least one unidimensionally measurable lesion meeting RECIST v. criteria
For the expansion cohort only: measurable disease by RECIST v. with at least one measurable target lesion
At least one measurable lesion as defined by RECIST v.
Subjects must have at least one lesion that is measurable by RECIST v.
At least  measurable tumor lesion per RECIST v. (exception: subjects in Part  are not required to present with measurable disease)
Has At least one measurable lesion as defined by RECIST criteria
Disease must be evaluable as per RECIST . or RANO (for gliomas). At least one measurable target lesion is required in expansion cohort patients
