Adequate renal, bone marrow, hepatic, pulmonary, and cardiac function
Has adequate bone marrow, renal and hepatic function based upon laboratory tests as follows:
Participant has adequate bone marrow, renal, and hepatic function.
Participants have adequate bone marrow, renal, hepatic and coagulation function.
Adequate hepatic, renal, and bone marrow function:
Patients must have adequate bone marrow, hepatic and renal function as defined below:
Adequate bone marrow function, hepatic function, and renal function
Participant has adequate bone marrow, renal and hepatic function.
Adequate bone marrow, renal, hepatic, and metabolic function (assessed ?  days before inclusion in the study):
Subjects must have adequate hepatic, renal, and bone marrow function. There are no specific minimum criteria for enrollment; this will at the discretion of the treating physician, as any patient who would be considered for standard of care treatment with these drugs may be considered for this trial
Must have adequate bone marrow, renal, and hepatic function (For the sub-study, the subject must have adequate bone marrow and renal function and have mild-to-moderate hepatic impairment)
Adequate bone marrow (BM), renal, hepatic and metabolic function.
Adequate bone marrow, renal, hepatic, pulmonary, and cardiac function
Participants have adequate bone marrow, renal, hepatic and coagulation function.
Bone marrow, hepatic, and renal function as follows:
Hepatic function, renal function, bone marrow function in defined lab-value-ranges
Has adequate hematologic (bone marrow [BM] and coagulation factors), renal and hepatic function as defined by criteria below:
Subject has adequate bone marrow, renal, and hepatic function.
Adequate bone marrow, renal, hepatic, pulmonary, and cardiac function defined as:
Adequate bone marrow reserves, hepatic function, and renal function
Hepatic, renal, or bone marrow dysfunction as detailed above
Must have adequate bone marrow and renal/hepatic function at the screening and baseline visits, defined as:
Adequate bone marrow, hepatic, and renal function
Adequate bone marrow, hepatic, and renal function, as specified in the protocol
Participants must have adequate bone marrow, hepatic and renal function
Adequate bone marrow, hepatic, and renal function, as specified in the protocol
Adequate bone marrow (BM), renal, hepatic and metabolic function;
Participant has adequate bone marrow, renal, and hepatic function.
Adequate bone marrow, hepatic, and renal function
Adequate bone marrow, renal and hepatic function:
Has adequate hematologic (bone marrow and coagulation factors), renal and hepatic function as defined by criteria below:
Has adequate hematologic (bone marrow [BM] and coagulation factors), renal and hepatic function
Participant must have adequate bone marrow, renal, and hepatic function.
Has adequate hematologic (bone marrow and coagulation factors), renal, and hepatic function as defined by criteria below:
Subject has adequate bone marrow, renal, hepatic and coagulation function.
Adequate bone marrow (BM), renal, hepatic, and metabolic function (assessed ?  days before inclusion in the study):
Subjects must have adequate bone marrow, renal and hepatic function and coagulation
Adequate hepatic, renal and bone marrow function.
No active autoimmune disease or uncontrolled infection, normal bone marrow, renal, hepatic function, FEV > .L, no significant underlying heart or lung disease
Have adequate bone marrow and hepatic function.
Participants must have adequate bone marrow, renal and hepatic function
Acceptable bone marrow, renal, and hepatic function based upon screening lab tests
Inadequate bone marrow, renal, or hepatic function as defined above, or an active coagulopathy that precludes tissue biopsy
Subject must have adequate bone marrow, renal and hepatic function.
Adequate bone marrow, hepatic, renal and cardiac function
Adequate hepatic, renal, and bone marrow function
Patients with adequate bone marrow, renal and hepatic function:
Adequate bone marrow independent of growth factor support, renal and hepatic function per defined laboratory criteria
Adequate bone marrow reserve, hepatic and renal function
Adequate bone marrow reserve, hepatic and renal function, as demonstrated by:
Has adequate bone marrow reserve, hepatic and renal function, as demonstrated by:
Adequate bone marrow, renal, and hepatic function.
Inadequate renal, hepatic or bone marrow function
Adequate renal, hepatic, and bone marrow function demonstrated by protocol-specified laboratory parameters at the screening visit.
Adequate bone marrow, hepatic and renal function as evidenced by:
Adequate bone marrow, renal capacity and hepatic function
Adequate bone marrow, renal, hepatic, and metabolic function
Adequate bone marrow, hepatic, and renal function tests within  days prior to enrollment:
Subject has adequate bone marrow, renal and hepatic function at baseline, as demonstrated by the following:
Adequate bone marrow, hepatic and renal function as evidenced by:
Adequate bone marrow, hepatic, renal and cardiac function
The participant has adequate bone marrow reserve, and renal and hepatic function
Participant has adequate bone marrow, renal, hepatic and cardiac function.
Adequate bone marrow, renal, and hepatic function.
Patients must have adequate bone marrow, renal, hepatic, and sensory neurologic function to be eligible to receive platinum/taxane-based chemotherapy
Adequate bone marrow, renal, hepatic, and blood clotting function
Adequate bone marrow, renal, hepatic, and metabolic function (assessed ?  days before inclusion in the study):
Adequate bone marrow reserve and renal and hepatic function within  days before the first dose of study drug on the basis of the defined laboratory parameters.
