Participants may not have a second, clinically active, cancer; patients with second cancers which have been treated with curative intent and/or are currently inactive are allowed
Active second malignancy requiring treatment or that would interfere with assessment of response of the lymphoma per investigators discretion
Second malignancy currently requiring active therapy (except for hormonal/antihormonal treatment, e.g. in prostate or breast cancer).
Second primary malignancy that requires active therapy. Adjuvant hormonal therapy is allowed.
Phase  only: second malignancy within the last  years.
Participants with an active second malignancy
Active second malignancy.
Presence of concurrent second cancer (active, not history)
Active concurrent second malignancy.
Patients with a second, clinically active, cancer; patients with second cancers which have been treated with curative intent and/or are currently inactive are allowed
Second invasive malignancy requiring active treatment
Metastatic disease or currently active second malignancy
Second primary malignancy
Active second malignancy or other prior malignancy treated with chemotherapy less than or equal to  months prior to treatment with CK-
Second active malignancy requiring systemic therapy
No currently active second malignancy
There is no evidence of the second malignancy at the time of study entry
Second malignancy currently requiring active therapy, except breast or prostate cancer stable on or responding to endocrine therapy.
Active second malignancy
Active second malignancy
Second active neoplasia
A concurrent second active and nonstable malignancy
Patients with a second malignancy requiring active treatment
Active concomitant second malignancy (i.e. has required treatment in the previous  months)
Second primary malignancy, only if it would affect the safety of the treatment or the subjects ability to complete study-related procedures
Second malignancy within the last  years
Second malignancy currently requiring active therapy, except breast or prostate cancer stable on or responding to endocrine therapy.
Concurrent second malignancy or history of HER negative breast cancer within five years
Active second malignancy i.e. patient known to have potentially fatal cancer present\n             for which he/she may be (but not necessarily) currently receiving treatment
Second malignancy requiring active therapy
Evidence of active second malignancy
Subjects with second malignancies in addition to myeloma if the second malignancy has required therapy in the last  years or is not in complete remission
Currently active second primary malignancy.
History of a concurrent or second malignancy except for those outlined in protocol
Currently active second malignancy
No active second malignancy (except non-melanomatous skin cancer or incidental prostate cancer found on cystectomy): Active second malignancy is defined as a current need for cancer therapy or a high possibility (> %) of recurrence during the study. Previous contralateral breast cancer is allowable unless it meets \active\ criteria as stated above.
Patients with a currently active second malignancy requiring treatment
Second malignancy currently requiring active therapy (except for hormonal/anti-hormonal treatment e.g. in prostate or breast cancer).
No currently active second malignancy
A second malignancy requiring active therapy
Patients with an active, or likely to become active second malignancy.
Second malignancy currently requiring active therapy (except for hormonal/anti-hormonal treatment, eg, prostate or breast cancer).
Active second malignancy; i.e., patient known to have potentially fatal cancer present for which he/she may be (but not necessarily) currently receiving treatment
Second malignancy currently requiring active therapy.
A second invasive malignancy requiring active treatment
Second primary malignancy
No active second malignancy
Second primary malignancy that has not been in remission for more than  years
Patients with an active second malignancy within the last  years with the exception of:
Actively treated for a second malignancy
Untreated second malignancy
Second malignancy except for skin cancer within the last  years
No concurrent second malignancy requiring systemic therapy
Has a second concurrent active primary malignancy such as solid tumor or lymphoma under active treatment
Have a second primary malignancy or any history in any time frame of a prior malignancy.
Second primary cancer which is active and requiring treatment
