Subject has a history of ILD, drug-induced ILD, radiation pneumonitis that required steroid treatment, or any evidence of clinically active ILD.
History of interstitial lung disease (ILD), drug-induced ILD, radiation pneumonitis which required steroid treatment, or any evidence of clinically active interstitial lung disease
Participants with a history of interstitial lung disease (ILD) / pneumonitis
Patients with any evidence of current interstitial lung disease (ILD) or pneumonitis
Has evidence of current interstitial lung disease (ILD) or pneumonitis or a prior history of ILD or pneumonitis requiring oral or intravenous glucocorticoids
History of pneumonitis or interstitial lung disease (ILD).
Active interstitial lung disease (ILD)/pneumonitis or a prior history of ILD/pneumonitis requiring treatment with steroids.
Past medical history of interstitial lung disease (ILD), drug-induced ILD, radiation pneumonitis which required steroid treatment, or any evidence of clinically active interstitial lung disease
Any evidence of current interstitial lung disease (ILD) or pneumonitis or a prior history of ILD or pneumonitis requiring oral or IV glucocorticoids
Patient with active interstitial lung disease (ILD)/pneumonitis or a prior history of ILD/pneumonitis requiring treatment with steroids
History and/or confirmed interstitial lung disease (ILD)/pneumonitis, extensive bilateral lung disease on high-resolution computed tomography (HRCT) scan
Past medical history of interstitial lung disease (ILD), drug-induced ILD, radiation pneumonitis requiring steroid treatment, or any evidence of clinically active ILD
Past medical history of ILD, drug-induced ILD, radiation pneumonitis which required steroid treatment, or any evidence of clinically active ILD.
Past history of interstitial lung disease (ILD), drug induced ILD, radiation pneumonitis that required steroid treatment, or any evidence of clinically active ILD.
History of interstitial lung disease (ILD)/pneumonitis requiring treatment with steroids and patients with active ILD/pneumonitis
Evidence of clinically active interstitial lung disease (ILD) and/or history of ILD
History of drug-induced interstitial lung disease (ILD), ILD, or radiation pneumonitis requiring treatment with steroid prior to study enrollment, or any evidence of clinically active ILD.
Presence or history of ILD, drug-induced ILD, or presence of radiation pneumonitis
Past history of interstitial lung disease (ILD), drug-induced ILD, radiation pneumonitis which required steroid treatment, or any evidence of clinically active interstitial lung disease.
Past medical history of ILD, drug-induced ILD, radiation pneumonitis which required steroid treatment, or any evidence of clinically active ILD.
Subject has history of drug-induced interstitial lung disease (ILD) or any evidence of active ILD.
Subject has history of drug-induced interstitial lung disease (ILD) or any evidence of active ILD.
History of interstitial lung disease (ILD) eg, interstitial pneumonitis, pulmonary fibrosis or evidence of ILD on baseline chest computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)
History of interstitial lung disease (ILD)
History of interstitial lung disease (ILD)
History of interstitial lung disease (ILD)
Subject has history of drug-induced interstitial lung disease (ILD) or any evidence of active ILD.
Past medical history of interstitial lung disease (ILD), drug-induced ILD, radiation pneumonitis which required steroid treatment, or any evidence of clinically active ILD.
History of interstitial lung disease (ILD).
