Participants with clinical or radiographic evidence of pancreatitis are excluded
Known history of acute or chronic pancreatitis
Known history of acute or chronic pancreatitis
History of acute pancreatitis within  year of study treatment or a history of chronic pancreatitis
Recurrent or chronic pancreatitis
History of acute pancreatitis within  year of study entry or history of chronic pancreatitis
Patients with a prior history of documented pancreatitis are not eligible
Predisposing characteristics for acute pancreatitis in the last month prior to randomization.
History of chronic pancreatitis.
Patients with laboratory evidence of pancreatitis are excluded.
Patient has a history of pancreatitis
History of recurrent pancreatitis
History of acute pancreatitis within  year of study or history of chronic pancreatitis.
History of acute pancreatitis within  year of study or history of chronic pancreatitis.
Pancreatitis that is active or within the preceding  months which in the judgment of the endoscopist would make tumor injection likely to trigger severe recurrent pancreatitis
History of pancreatitis
Known active or chronic pancreatitis
History of acute pancreatitis within one year of study or history of chronic pancreatitis
Acute symptomatic pancreatitis within  months of study entry or a diagnosis of chronic pancreatitis at the time of randomization.
History of acute pancreatitis within  year of study or history of chronic pancreatitis
Known acute or chronic pancreatitis
History of pancreatitis
History of acute pancreatitis within  year of screening or past medical history of pancreatitis
Known history of pancreatitis
Known history of acute or chronic pancreatitis
History of diverticulitis or pancreatitis within  weeks of registration
Current pancreatitis
Subject with history of acute within one year of study entry or past medical history of chronic pancreatitis
History of pancreatitis
No clinical or radiographic evidence of pancreatitis
History of acute pancreatitis within  months prior to screening
Acute or chronic pancreatitis
Patient has a history of acute pancreatitis within  year of screening or a past medical history of chronic pancreatitis
Subject has known acute or chronic pancreatitis.
History of pancreatitis or chronic pancreatitis.
Known symptomatic acute or chronic pancreatitis.
The patient has a history of pancreatitis.
Known history of acute or chronic pancreatitis
Active or chronic pancreatitis
No clinical evidence of pancreatitis
History of acute pancreatitis within  year prior to registration, chronic pancreatitis, alcohol abuse or uncontrolled hypertriglyceridemia (triglycerides >  mg/dL)
History of ? Grade  pancreatitis
Has a history of acute or chronic pancreatitis
PART B: History of acute pancreatitis within  year of study or history of chronic pancreatitis
Diagnosis of acute or chronic pancreatitis
Acute or chronic pancreatitis
History of acute pancreatitis within  year prior to study entry or past medical history of chronic pancreatitis
Individuals with a history of asparaginase-associated pancreatitis
Patients with a prior history of documented pancreatitis
Subjects with acute or chronic pancreatitis.
Active or clinically symptomatic chronic pancreatitis or disease affecting pancreas
Acute or chronic pancreatitis.
History of acute or chronic pancreatitis
History of pancreatitis of any grade
History of pancreatitis
History of acute or chronic pancreatitis or any risk factors that may increase the risk of pancreatitis.
Known acute or chronic pancreatitis . Pregnant or lactating females Arm B only (CC- in combination with ibrutinib):
History of acute pancreatitis within  year of study entry
Acute or chronic pancreatitis
Acute or chronic pancreatitis
Recent history of acute pancreatitis.
Recent ( months) history of acute pancreatitis.
Known gallbladder or bile duct disease, acute or chronic pancreatitis
Patients with recent history of pancreatitis
History of acute pancreatitis within  year of study or history of chronic pancreatitis
Known gallbladder or bile duct disease, symptomatic cholelithiasis, acute or chronic pancreatitis
Indication for operative intervention being chronic pancreatitis
Active or recent pancreatitis (within last  months)
At least two episodes of acute pancreatitis in the past  months; acute pancreatitis is defined any  of the following: () typical upper abdominal pain; () elevation in serum amylase or lipase >=  times upper limit of normal; () features of acute pancreatitis on cross-sectional imaging
Patients with a history of pancreatitis
Known symptomatic acute or chronic pancreatitis.
Acute or chronic pancreatitis
Chronic or acute pancreatitis as evidenced by clinical or pathologic diagnosis
History of acute pancreatitis within  year of study entry or past medical history of chronic pancreatitis
