Recovered (i.e., ?Grade  nonhematologic toxicity) from the reversible effects of prior anticancer therapy.
Must be recovered from any reversible side effects of prior therapy (e.g. no major surgery, no antineoplastic or experimental therapy, or no significant radiation therapy to hematopoietic sites within  weeks of Baseline/CD, and no nitrosoureas or nitrogen mustards within  weeks of Baseline/CD)
Recovered (i.e., =< grade  toxicity) from the reversible effects of autologous stem cell transplant
Patient has not recovered to grade  or better (except alopecia) from related side effects of any prior antineoplastic therapy
Must have recovered (ie, ? Grade  toxicity or participant's baseline status) from the reversible effects of prior therapy
Patients who have received any antineoplastic therapy >  days prior to starting treatment with ABC and have not adequately recovered from side effects and toxicities of previous antineoplastic therapy.
Patient has not recovered to grade  or better (except alopecia) from related side effects of any prior antineoplastic therapy
Patient who has not recovered to grade  or better (except alopecia) from related side effects of any prior antineoplastic therapy
Failed to have recovered from the reversible effects of previous anticancer therapies
Patients must have recovered from any reversible effects of prior therapies to no more than grade  toxicity, with the exception of alopecia
Recovered (i.e., =< grade  toxicity) from the reversible effects of autologous stem cell transplant
The patient has recovered from reversible toxicity from prior therapy. Permanent and stable side effects or changes are acceptable if ? Grade  (CTCAE, v.)
Recovered (i.e., < grade  toxicity) from the reversible effects of prior antineoplastic therapy
Has recovered (ie, <= Grade  toxicity or eligibility per this protocol is met) from the reversible effects of prior anticancer therapy.
Patient has not recovered to ? grade  (except alopecia) from related side effects of any prior antineoplastic therapy
Recovered (=< grade  toxicity) from the reversible effects of prior antineoplastic therapy
Participants who have not recovered from any reversible side effects (except alopecia) to Grade  or  toxicity attributed to the administration of an investigational therapeutic agent, chemotherapy, immunotherapy, radiotherapy, or other agents previously used to treat the cancer.
Recovered from the reversible effects of prior antineoplastic therapy (ie, ? Grade  toxicity or baseline).
Recovered (that is, less than or equal to (<=) Grade  toxicity) from the effects of prior antineoplastic therapy.
Recovered from the effects of prior antineoplastic therapy
Recovered (i.e., =< grade  toxicity) from the reversible effects of prior antineoplastic therapy
Recovered (that is, <= Grade  toxicity) from the reversible effects of prior anticancer therapy.
Recovered from the reversible effects of prior antineoplastic therapy (with the exception of alopecia and Grade  neuropathy).
Recovered (that is, grade less than or equal to [<=]  toxicity) from the reversible effects of prior anticancer therapy.
Recovered (that is, less than or equal to [<=] Grade  toxicity) from the reversible effects of prior anticancer therapy.
Recovered (that is, less than or equal to (<=) Grade  toxicity) from the effects of prior antineoplastic therapy.
Recovered (that is, <=Grade  toxicity) from the reversible effects of prior anticancer therapy.
