Has a known history of HIV (HIV / antibodies), active / chronic Hepatitis B or C.
Known infection with HIV, hepatitis B, or hepatitis C
Known active or chronic hepatitis B or C infection or HIV
Active uncontrolled infection, including HIV/AIDS or Hepatitis B or C
Patients who have HIV, Hepatitis B or C
Active hepatitis B or C or a history of HIV infection
Known immunodeficiency or HIV, Hepatitis B, or Hepatitis C positivity. Antibody to Hepatitis B or C without evidence of active infection may be allowed.
Known history of HIV, hepatitis C or hepatitis B infection
Known history of HIV, hepatitis B, or hepatitis C infection
History of Hepatitis B, C, or HIV
Known to be positive for HIV or hepatitis B, or known to have active hepatitis C infection
Known active hepatitis B or C or known infection with HIV
Known history of active tuberculosis (TB), autoimmune disease, pneumonitis, infection, HIV, Hepatitis B, or Hepatitis C
Known history of active tuberculosis (TB), autoimmune disease, pneumonitis, infection, HIV, Hepatitis B, or Hepatitis C
Ongoing or active systemic infection, active hepatitis B or C virus infection, or known human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) positive; patients who have previously tested positive for hepatitis B core antibody may be eligible if they are confirmed to NOT have active disease and are on appropriate anti-viral therapy; no additional hepatitis or HIV testing is required for patients who have been evaluated during their induction and/or pre-transplant work-up and have had no clinical evidence of HIV, hepatitis B or hepatitis C since their last evaluation
Patients with known active Hepatitis C, HIV or a present history of Hepatitis B
Hepatitis B or HIV infection
Evidence of active Hepatitis B, active Hepatitis C infection (HCV) or cytomegalovirus (CMV) or known history of HIV.
Known history of HIV or active hepatitis B/C (patients who have been vaccinated for hepatitis B and do not have a history of infection are eligible)
No active hepatitis or diagnosis of HIV disease.
Known HIV, Hepatitis A, B or C infection.
Known active infection with HIV, hepatitis B, hepatitis C
Patients must have a negative test for HIV, Hepatitis A, B, and C.
Known active hepatitis B or C infection, or HIV infection.
Active HIV or hepatitis B or C infection
Known history of HIV disease, active hepatitis B or hepatitis C.
Known history of Hepatitis B or C or HIV
Has uncontrolled HIV or hepatitis B or C
Patient with known active infection with HIV, hepatitis B or hepatitis C
Known HIV positive or active hepatitis B or C
Patients with known active hepatitis B or C, or HIV infection.
Known HIV, Hepatitis B, or Hepatitis C.
Active infection requiring systemic therapy, known infection of HIV, Hepatitis B, or Hepatitis C.
Patients with known HIV, hepatitis B or C;
Known immunodeficiency or HIV, Hepatitis B, or Hepatitis C positivity. Antibody to Hepatitis B or C without evidence of active infection may be allowed.
Patients who have a known history of hepatitis C or chronic active hepatitis B or a known diagnosis of HIV
Active HIV, hepatitis B or C
Patients must not have a history of HIV, or active Hepatitis A, B, and C.
Known HIV or chronic Hepatitis B or C infection.
Known HIV infection or active infection with hepatitis B or C. Patients with unknown status at the time of enrollment must be tested during screening.
Known active or chronic hepatitis B or C infection or HIV
Known active hepatitis B or C infection or HIV infection.
Known HIV, active hepatitis B or active hepatitis C infection
Known to be positive for HIV or known to have active hepatitis B or C.
Active uncontrolled infection, including HIV/AIDS or Hepatitis B or C
HIV/active Hepatitis B or C infection
Patients must not have known HIV, hepatitis B or hepatitis C positivity
Known history or evidence of active hepatitis A, B, or C or HIV
Known positive HIV infection, or active hepatitis B or C infection
Known history of HIV infection or a known history of or is positive for Hepatitis B or Hepatitis C
Concurrent severe and/or uncontrolled medical conditions (uncontrolled diabetes or infection), known infection with HIV, Hepatitis B or Hepatitis C.
Patients with known active hepatitis or HIV.
Current infection with HIV, Hepatitis B or Hepatitis C. Patients will have serologic testing performed during screening for HIV and Hepatitis B and C. Any serologic results suggestive of an ongoing viral infection will be further investigated as necessary to clarify the patient's status.
Known infection with hepatitis B, hepatitis C, or HIV.
Known infection with hepatitis B, C or HIV
Known HIV or active hepatitis B or C infection
Patients who have HIV, Hepatitis B or C
History of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection; patients with active hepatitis B infection (not including patients with prior hepatitis B vaccination; or positive serum hepatitis B antibody); hepatitis C infection is allowed as long as there is no active disease and is cleared by GI consultation; HIV screening is not required for this study
Evidence of active Hepatitis B or C or HIV
Known history of HIV or hepatitis C or B
History of HIV infection or chronic hepatitis B or C
HIV positive or active Hepatitis A or B
Clinical or laboratory evidence of active hepatitis B or hepatitis C . History of HIV infection.
Infection with HIV or hepatitis B or C at screening
Patient has known historical or active infection with HIV, hepatitis B, or hepatitis C
Active hepatitis and/or known HIV carrier
Patients who are known to be HIV positive and/or have active hepatitis B or C infection
No patients known to be positive for HIV, or active Hepatitis A, B, or C.
Known HIV or hepatitis A, B, or C positivity---ONLY IF ACTIVE
Known infection with HIV and active infection with hepatitis B or C.
Known infection with HIV or active infection with hepatitis B or hepatitis C
Current infection with HIV, Hepatitis B or Hepatitis C
Known infection with HIV, HTLV-I, Hepatitis B, or Hepatitis C.
Known HIV, hepatitis B or hepatitis C.
Known HIV infection and/or active Hepatitis B or C infection
Uncontrolled, active infection; patients who are known to have HIV infection/ seropositivity, Hepatitis A, B, or C, or CMV reactivation
Patients with the presence of an infection including abscess or fistulae, or known infection with hepatitis B or C or HIV
History of or current active infection with hepatitis B, hepatitis C or HIV
Known chronic active Hepatitis B or C, or HIV infection
Past medical history of infection with HIV, hepatitis B or hepatitis C
Known to be positive for HIV, or to have active hepatitis B, or hepatitis C, or have active infection of any kind requiring systemic therapy
Uncontrolled, active infection; patients who are known to have HIV infection/ seropositivity, Hepatitis A, B, or C, or CMV reactivation
Current known active infection with HIV, hepatitis B or C viruses
Infection with HIV or hepatitis B or C at screening
Known HIV, Hepatitis A, B or Hepatitis C infection
Known history of Hepatitis B or C infection or HIV infection
Known active Hepatitis B/ Hepatitis C/ HIV infection
Known HIV positive or Hepatitis A, B, or C infection
Infection with HIV or hepatitis B or C at screening
Active infection including HIV, hepatitis A, B or C
known HIV or Hepatitis
Known history of HIV or active hepatitis B/C (patients who have been vaccinated for hepatitis B and do not have a history of infection are eligible)
Serious concurrent illness or clinically relevant active infection, including known diagnosis of HIV and hepatitis B or C, as defined in the protocol
Known history of HIV or active hepatitis B/C )
FOR THE  SUBJECTS ENROLLED IN YEAR : History of known active infection with HIV, hepatitis B or hepatitis C
Known HIV or active hepatitis B or C infection
Current infection with HIV, Hepatitis B or Hepatitis C
Known history of HIV or Hepatitis C
Known active or chronic hepatitis B or C infection or HIV
Active infection including tuberculosis, HIV, hepatitis B anc C
