T and T (< . cm), N, M, confirmed by clinical, cytological or histological examination
Histological or cytological proof of prostate cancer
Histological or cytological confirmation of NSCLC; a pathology report confirming the diagnosis of NSCLC must be obtained and reviewed by the treating physician prior to registration to study
Histological or cytological diagnosis of metastatic cancer or locally advanced cancer that is not amenable to local therapy
Histological or cytological proof of prostate cancer
Histological or cytological diagnosis of adenocarcinoma of the prostate
Histological or cytological confirmation diagnosis of NSCLC.
Patients must have metastatic prostate cancer with histological or cytological confirmation.
Must have histological or cytological evidence of a diagnosis of cancer that is not amenable to curative therapy.
Patients must have documented histological or cytological evidence of tumor(s) of the prostate.
Histological, molecular or cytological confirmation of: Part A:
Histological or cytological proof of prostate cancer
Histological or cytological evidence/confirmation of urothelial cancer.
Histological or cytological confirmation diagnosis of stage  NSCLC
Parts B of the study will include patients with histological or cytological confirmation diagnosis of locally advanced or metastatic Stage IV NSCLC.
Part C of the study will include patients with histological or cytological confirmation diagnosis of locally advanced or metastatic Stage IV st-line NSCLC (for which the patient has not received therapy).
Subjects must have histological or cytological documentation of locally advanced, recurrent, or metastatic renal cell carcinoma
Histological or cytological diagnosis of adenocarcinoma of the exocrine pancreas that is metastatic (Stage IV) and not amenable to resection with curative intent.
Histological or cytological proof of prostate adenocarcinoma (Note: small-cell carcinoma of the prostate is not permitted)
Histological or cytological confirmation of colorectal cancer (CRC) with available tissue, currently stage IV
Histological or cytological evidence of metastatic prostate cancer with progression defined in PCWG; Scher HI  and intolerance of standard chemotherapy
Histological/cytological diagnosis of primary HCC
Patient has histological and/or cytological confirmed ER+ and/or PgR+ aBC
Subjects must have documented histological or cytological evidence of adenocarcinoma of the prostate.
Subjects with histological or cytological confirmation of clear cell RCC.
Histological or cytological diagnosis of HCC.
Histological or cytological diagnosis of ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreas.
Patients must have histological, pathological and/or cytological confirmation of prostate cancer.
Patients must have histological, pathological and/or cytological confirmation of prostate cancer
Histological or cytological confirmation of ER+ and/or PR+ breast cancer
Histological or cytological evidence of prostate adenocarcinoma.
Histological or cytological confirmation of epidermoid anal carcinoma (includes squamous, basaloid and cloacogenic lesions) from the primary tumor or a newly diagnosed recurrent/metastatic lesion
Patients with histological or cytological proven diagnosis of adenocarcinoma of the breast with evidence of either locally advanced, inoperable and/or metastatic disease
Histological or cytological confirmed small cell lung cancer (SCLC)
Female subjects ?  years of age with histological or cytological diagnosis of breast carcinoma.
Histological or cytological diagnosis of metastatic cancer or locally advanced cancer that is not amenable to local therapy
Have histological or cytological evidence of colorectal adenocarcinoma with confirmation of metastatic disease either by pathologic or radiologic findings.
Patients must have documented histological or cytological evidence of adenocarcinoma of the prostate.
Histological or cytological evidence of NSCLC
Histological/cytological confirmation of biliary cancer
Must have histological or cytological confirmed diagnosis of locally advanced or metastatic adenocarcinoma of the pancreas, which has progressed on or after one line of chemotherapy
Histological or cytological confirmation of locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC (IIIB-IV)
Subjects must have a cytological or histological confirmed diagnosis of adenocarcinoma of the lung.
Histological or cytological confirmation diagnosis of Non Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC).
Histological or cytological confirmation of locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC (IIIB-IV)
Histological or cytological proof of colorectal or pancreatic adenocarcinoma
Histological or cytological diagnosis of adenocarcinoma of the prostate
Pathologist confirmed histological/cytological diagnosis of adenocarcinoma consistent with pancreas origin
Pathologist confirmed histological/cytological diagnosis of adenocarcinoma consistent with pancreas origin in conjunction with either:
Patients must have histological or cytological confirmed melanoma that is metastatic or unresectable stage IIIc and clearly progressive.
Has recurrent or metastatic carcinoma of the colon or rectum with documented histological or cytological confirmation;
Histological or cytological confirmed metastatic colorectal cancer
Age = or >  years Histological or cytological diagnosis of undifferentiated or poorly differentiated nasopharyngeal carcinoma that is locally advanced or metastatic.
Part A: Histological or cytological confirmation of a solid tumor and disease progression. Part B: Histological or cytological confirmation of ER positive, HER negative breast cancer and disease progression or any other solid tumor with a PIKCA gene mutation. Part C: Histological or cytological confirmation of ER positive, HER negative postmenopausal breast cancer with locally advanced or metastatic disease that is eligible for fulvestrant treatment. Part D: Histological or cytological confirmation of ER positive, HER negative postmenopausal breast cancer with locally advanced or metastatic disease that is eligible for fulvestrant treatment. Patients must also present with a tumor related mutation of the PIKCA gene.
Participants must have histological or cytological confirmed melanoma that is metastatic or unresectable and clearly progressive
Inclusion Criteria for group A and B:\n\n          -  Weight loss < % in the last three months.\n\n          -  WHO-performance status ? \n\n          -  Medical inoperable patients or patients refusing surgery.\n\n          -  Chemotherapy is allowed in neoadjuvant and adjuvant setting, with exclusion of the\n             period  weeks pre-SBRT and  weeks post-SBRT.\n\n          -  Before patient registration, written informed consent must be given according to\n             ICH/GCP, national and local regulations.\n\n        Risk group A specification:\n\n          -  NSCLC (Cytological or histological proven) patients with peripheral tumors > cm with\n             tumor staging cTbNM or cTNM (chest wall infiltration is no exclusion criteria,\n             as long as the tumor diameter is >  cm).\n\n          -  Single peripheral lung metastasis in inoperable patients with a diameter of >  cm. In\n             case of first presentation of metastatic disease, cytological or histological proof is\n             obligated.\n\n          -  In patients without cytological or histological confirmation of NSCLC, a growing\n             FDG-PET positive lesion (SUV >) is accepted if a contra-indication for invasive\n             diagnostic examination (or refusal) is present.\n\n        Risk group B specification:\n\n          -  Patients with ?  simultaneous peripheral lung metastases ?  cm of any origin at any\n             location in the lung.\n\n          -  In case of first presentation of metastatic disease, cytological or histological proof\n             is obligated. This is not necessary in case of a history of an already proven\n             disseminated disease.\n\n          -  Patients having ?  peripheral lung metastases without unacceptable dose overlap.\n\n        Exclusion Criteria:\n\n          -  Patients with central tumors\n\n          -  Pancoast tumors\n\n          -  Prior radiotherapy treatment to the thorax\n\n          -  Patients receiving any systemic treatment during SBRT\n\n          -  Pregnant patients\n\n          -  Patients previously treated with adriamycin agents in case of heart involvement within\n             the treatment field.
No histological or cytological diagnosis of NSCLC; this includes failure to make an intraoperative diagnosis of malignancy at the time of ENB
Cytological or histological confirmed diagnosis of advanced hepatocellular or renal cell carcinoma; HCC patients should not be amenable to treatment with surgery or to orthotopic liver transplant (Phase I)
Cytological or histological confirmed diagnosis of hepatocellular carcinoma that is locally advanced or metastatic and is not amenable to treatment with surgery or to orthotopic liver transplant (Phase II)
Patients must have a cytological or histological diagnosis of adenocarcinoma arising in the pancreas; adenosquamous cancers will be acceptable
Histological or cytological proof of prostate adenocarcinoma
Histological or cytological confirmed ER and/or PR positivity
Histological or cytological confirmation of NSCLC
Histological/cytological confirmation of oral cavity dysplasia or prior history of OSCC
Histological or cytological confirmation of an ER+ advanced metastatic breast cancer tumour that is eligible for treatment with fulvestrant
Histological or cytological diagnosis of prostate cancer
