Patients who have not recovered from adverse events due to prior anti-cancer therapy (i.e., have residual toxicities > grade )
Subjects must have recovered from treatment toxicities to =< grade  or to their pretreatment levels; subjects who have developed interstitial lung disease (ILD) must have fully recovered
Patients will have recovered from toxicities from prior systemic anticancer treatment or local therapies
Patients must have recovered from toxicities from prior systemic anticancer treatment or local therapies
Must have fully recovered from toxicities of any prior treatment with cytotoxic drugs, radiotherapy, surgery, or other anti-cancer modalities (returned to baseline status as noted before most recent treatment or =< grade )
Patients must have recovered all toxicities from prior therapy or radiation to grade  or less (excluding alopecia)
Patients who have not fully recovered from toxicities of any prior treatment with cytotoxic drugs, radiotherapy or other anti-cancer modalities (returned to baseline status as noted before most recent treatment). The required minimum time elapsed from prior treatments are:
Patients who have not recovered from adverse events due to prior anti-cancer therapy (i.e., have residual toxicities > grade ) except alopecia are ineligible
Toxicities due to prior therapy must be stable and recovered to =< grade  (except for clinically non significant toxicities such as alopecia)
Subjects who have not completely recovered from any toxicities from previous treatments.
Patients who have not recovered from adverse events due to prior anti-cancer therapy (i.e., have residual toxicities > grade )
Last dose of prior therapy must be >  days before the first dose of study drug administration; there is no upper limit to number of prior therapies; however, the patient must have recovered from acute toxicities from the most recent therapy to grade  or less
Patients must have recovered from treatment toxicities to =< grade  or to their pretreatment levels except for adverse events (AEs) that in the investigators judgment do not constitute a safety risk for the patient
Recovered from reversible toxicities of prior therapy to grade  or grade 
Prior systemic treatment must be completed at least  calendar days prior to registration and the subject must have recovered from the toxicities of treatment to grade  or better
Participant has recovered from toxicities of prior chemotherapy or other therapy (to grade  or less)
Patients must have recovered from all treatment-related toxicities to Grade  or less.
Subject has recovered from toxicities of prior chemotherapy or other therapy (to grade  or less)
All toxicities from prior therapy must be recovered to a grade  or better according to the Clavien-Dindo classification system
Recovered from reversible toxicities of prior therapy
Patients must have fully recovered from the acute, non-hematological, non-infectious toxicities of any prior treatment with cytotoxic drugs, radiotherapy or other anti-cancer modalities; patients with persisting, non-hematologic, non-infectious toxicities from prior treatment =< grade  are eligible, but must be documented as such
Patients MUST have recovered from all treatment related toxicities to Grade  NCI CTCAE (v .) in severity
Patients must have recovered all toxicities from prior therapy or radiation to grade  or less (excluding alopecia).
Recovered from toxicities of previous anticancer therapy to CTCAE Grade ? 
Recovered from all toxicities related to prior anti-cancer therapies to grade ? 
Have recovered from any previous therapy side effects or toxicities
Patient must have recovered from toxicities incurred as a result of any previous anti-myeloma therapy or recovered to baseline.
Recovered from all acute toxicities caused by prior cancer therapies, except for alopecia.
Must have recovered (? Grade  or at pretreatment baseline) from adverse events (AEs) from previously administered therapies except for stable chronic toxicities (? Grade ) not expected to resolve.
Patient received chemotherapy, surgery, or radiotherapy (for therapeutic purposes) within  weeks, monoclonal antibodies or investigational drugs within  weeks or tyrosine kinase inhibitor within  week, or the patient has not recovered (from grade ? side effects of the previous therapy) prior to lymphodepletion regimen. Note: Patient may be still eligible if the patient has not fully recovered from grade ? toxicities if accumulated toxicities with the lymphodepletion therapy are not expected
Patients who have not recovered from adverse events due to prior anti-cancer therapy (i.e., have residual toxicities > grade )
Prior chemotherapy, with the exception of hydroxyurea or low-dose cytarabine as stated above; the patient must have recovered from all acute toxicities from any previous therapy
Patients who have not recovered from adverse events due to prior anti-cancer therapy (i.e., have residual toxicities > grade )
Participants must have recovered (to baseline/stabilization) from prior cytotoxic\n             therapy-associated acute toxicities.
Recovered from prior toxicities to grade - at least  weeks prior to investigational therapy
Patients must have completed standard therapy for their malignancy and recovered from all toxicities to less than or equal to grade  within  weeks prior to enrollment
Patients who have not recovered from the toxicities of prior chemotherapy or radiation
At least  weeks must have elapsed from any prior chemotherapy, and the patient must have recovered from side effects to =< grade  toxicities
At least  days must have elapsed since any prior systemic therapy at the time the patient starts the cyclophosphamide and fludarabine (fludarabine phosphate) conditioning regimen, and patients toxicities must have recovered to a grade  or less (except for toxicities such as alopecia or vitiligo)
Patients must have recovered from all non-hematologic toxicities to =< grade  and from all hematologic toxicities to =< grade  prior to registration
Patients may have received prior radiation therapy provided at least  days have elapsed since the last treatment and patients have recovered from all associated toxicities at the time of registration
Recovered from toxicities related to prior anticancer therapy to NCI CTCAE v . grade ?.
Patients must have recovered (to baseline/stabilization) from prior therapy-associated acute toxicities.
The subject has adequately recovered from toxicities due to prior therapy.
Patients must have recovered from all infectious and non-hematologic toxicities from prior chemotherapy to =< CTCAE grade  or baseline prior to study enrollment
Patients have not recovered from all toxicities related to prior anticancer therapies to grade ? (CTCAE v .)
Subjects must have recovered from toxicities of prior therapies. (i.e. CTCAE ? grade ).
Must have recovered from all treatment-related toxicities to Grade  or less.
Subject has adequately recovered from toxicities due to prior HCC therapy to ? grade
Recovered from toxicities of prior therapy to grade  or 
Recovered from prior radiotherapy and/or systemic therapy related toxicities to grade =< 
Recovered from toxicities of previous anticancer therapy
Patients who have not recovered from toxicities of prior therapy to the point that they would be appropriate for re-dosing will be ineligible for study treatment; all patients must have a two week washout period from prior chemotherapy
Patient must not have received chemotherapy, biologic therapy, or any other investigational drug for any reason within  days prior to start of therapy, and must have recovered from toxicities of prior therapy to grade  or less
Patients must have received prior rituximab therapy and must have recovered from all non-hematologic toxicities; (previous radiation is allowed as long as patients have recovered from all treatment related toxicities)
Patients must have recovered from all prior therapy
Prior neoadjuvant chemotherapy for this cancer is permitted however patients must have completed treatment within  days prior to cystectomy and recovered from all associated toxicities at the time of registration
Subject has recovered from toxicities of prior chemotherapy or other therapy (to grade  or less)
Recovered from all clinically relevant toxicities related to prior therapies
Recovered to Grade  from reversible toxicities of prior therapy
Subject has not fully recovered from the acute toxicities (except alopecia) of any prior anti-cancer therapy.
Subjects who have not fully recovered from toxicities associated with previous HCC loco-regional therapies.
Patient has recovered (to Grade ?) from all clinically significant toxicities related to prior antineoplastic therapies.
Patients should have recovered to baseline or =< grade  for all-prior treatment related toxicities
Patients must have recovered from any previous therapy side effects or toxicities prior to initiating protocol study infusions.
Recovered from all treatment-related toxicities to Grade  or less.
Toxicities from previous cancer therapies must have recovered to CTCAE Grade = or < 
Patients must have recovered from non-hematologic toxicities associated with treatment of malignancy to less than or equal to grade 
Have not recovered from the adverse effects or toxicities of lymphoma therapy most recently administered
Patients may have had prior HER/EGFR inhibitor therapy but must have fully recovered from any skin toxicities prior to registration
Toxicities due to prior therapy must be recovered to baseline or ? grade , except for clinically non-significant toxicities such as alopecia
The patient has received radiotherapy within  days prior to the start of study drug, or has not recovered from the acute toxicities associated with prior approved therapies including investigational drugs.
