Significant abnormalities on ECG at Screening
Electrocardiogram (ECG) with no clinically significant findings as assessed by the Investigator;
History or presence of an abnormal electrocardiogram (ECG) that, in the Investigator's opinion, is clinically meaningful.
Any screening laboratory, electrocardiogram (ECG), or other findings that, in the opinion of the investigator or the sponsor, indicate an unacceptable risk for the subject's participation in the study.
History or presence of an abnormal electrocardiogram (ECG) that is clinically significant in the investigator's opinion
Significant screening ECG abnormalities.
Significant ECG abnormalities.
Major abnormalities identified by ECG or echocardiogram (ECHO), at the Investigator's discretion.
Significant screening ECG abnormalities
Subject has an abnormal electrocardiogram (ECG) that, in the Investigator's opinion, is clinically significant and would preclude study participation.
Have electrocardiogram (ECG) with no clinically significant findings as assessed by the investigator performed within  days prior to first dose;
Cardiac function ( lead- electrocardiogram [ECG] versus [vs] non- lead ECG), performed within  days prior to day  of protocol therapy
Presence of an abnormal ECG
History or presence of an abnormal electrocardiogram (ECG) that, in the Investigator's opinion, is clinically meaningful.
Abnormalities on -lead electrocardiogram (ECG) considered by the investigator to be clinical significant.
To be performed within  business days prior to day : Cardiac function ( lead-electrocardiogram [ECG] versus [vs] non  led ECG) shows no underlying arrhythmia or heart blocks (for VRP only)
Patient must have a -lead ECG with ALL of the following parameters at screening:
Have documented major electrocardiogram (ECG) abnormalities (not responding to medical treatments; for example, atrial fibrillation, bundle branch blocks, or as approved by the sponsors).
Clinically significant abnormalities found on an ECG.
History or presence of an abnormal ECG, ECHO, or MUGA that is clinically meaningful.
Clinically normal resting -lead ECG at screening visit or, if abnormal, considered not clinically significant by the PI
Clinically normal resting -lead ECG at screening visit or, if abnormal, considered not clinically significant by the PI
Clinically significant abnormal -lead ECG findings;
Screening ECG abnormality documented by the investigator as medically significant
History or presence of an ECG that, in the investigator's opinion, is clinically meaningful as per protocol-defined criteria.
Cardiac ejection fraction >= %, and no clinically significant electrocardiogram (ECG) findings.
History or presence of an abnormal electrocardiogram (ECG)
Major abnormalities identified by electrocardiogram (ECG) or echocardiogram (ECHO), at the investigators discretion
Electrocardiogram (ECG) abnormalities indicative of arrhythmia (at the discretion of the investigator)
History or presence of abnormal electrocardiogram (ECG) that, in the investigator's opinion, is clinically meaningful
Patients must have a baseline electrocardiogram (ECG) performed within  days of registration that is normal or considered not clinically significant by the site investigator
History or presence of an abnormal ECG that, in the investigator's opinion, is clinically meaningful.
Any of the following ECG findings: Baseline QTcF interval >= millisecond (msec); Any clinically significant ECG assessments should be reviewed by the site cardiologist prior to study entry.
Have a -lead Electrocardiogram (ECG) that is not clinically significant at screening, as determined by the investigator
History or presence of an abnormal electrocardiogram (ECG) that, in the investigator's opinion, is clinically meaningful.
History or presence of an abnormal electrocardiogram (ECG) that, in the investigator's opinion, is clinically meaningful.
History or presence of an abnormal electrocardiogram that, in the investigator's opinion, is clinically meaningful.
Subjects must have normal or clinically insignificant ECG at screening
Known cardiomyopathy and/or clinical significant abnormal ECG findings at Screening disqualifying the patient from nephrectomy and from subsequent sunitinib treatment
ECG abnormalities as defined by the protocol
Active, clinically significant Electrocardiogram (ECG) abnormalities
Any of the following electrocardiogram (ECG) findings: Baseline QTcF >= millisecond (msec). NOTE: Any clinically significant ECG assessments should be reviewed by the site cardiologist prior to study entry.
Clinically significant abnormality on electrocardiogram (ECG)
Unstable coronary disease or clinically significant electrocardiogram (ECG) (-lead) abnormalities, as determined by the investigator
Acute or relevant abnormalities in electrocardiogram (ECG)
Electrocardiogram (ECG): Patients with normal ECG, Asymptomatic patients with abnormal ECGs not requiring medical intervention
Have documented major electrocardiogram (ECG) abnormalities at the investigator's discretion
Resting ECG with clinically significant abnormal findings;
Significant ECG abnormalities.
Significant screening electrocardiogram (ECG) abnormalities;
Clinically significant abnormalities, other than HCV infection, in a participant with HCC based upon the medical history, physical examination, vital signs, laboratory profile and a -lead electrocardiogram (ECG) that make the participant an unsuitable candidate for this study in the opinion of the investigator.
Has acute myocardial infarction within  months before starting study drug, current or history of New York Heart Association Class III or IV heart failure; evidence of current uncontrolled cardiovascular conditions including cardiac arrhythmias, angina, pulmonary hypertension, or electrocardiogram (ECG) evidence of acute ischemia or active conduction system abnormalities; Fridericia's corrected QT interval >  milliseconds (msec) (males) or >  msec (females) on a -lead ECG during the Screening period; or abnormalities on -lead ECG including, but not limited to, changes in rhythm and intervals that in the opinion of the investigator are considered to be clinically significant.
Clinically significant ECG changes
Normal -lead ECG (clinically insignificant abnormalities permitted)
History of myocardial infarction or stroke within the last  months, or history of uncontrolled cardiovascular or cerebrovascular disease; a -lead electrocardiogram (ECG) will be performed during the screening period
Have either a normal ECG or one with abnormalities that are considered clinically insignificant by the investigator in consultation with the Sponsor
Abnormal -lead electrocardiogram (ECG) judged to be clinically significant by the Investigator;
Electrocardiogram (ECG) within normal limits
Electrocardiogram (ECG) obtained at Screening which shows QTc prolongation or other medically relevant abnormalities which may affect subject safety or interpretation of study results
Normal electro cardio gram (ECG) or ECG with no clinically significant findings;
Subject with electrocardiogram (ECG) abnormalities on a -lead ECG performed within  days before start of the study drug that are considered by the Investigator to be clinically significant.
All patients must have an electrocardiogram (ECG) within  weeks of starting conditioning
ECG with no clinically significant findings;
PART I: Subjects with evidence of cardiac toxicity and Q wave abnormalities at baseline electrocardiography (ECG) will not be allowed to participate
PART II: Subjects with evidence of cardiac toxicity and Q wave abnormalities at baseline ECG will not be allowed to participate
Recent history of ischemic heart disease, electrocardiogram (ECG) abnormalities, or atrial fibrillation.
History of severe cardiac disease or clinically significant arrhythmia (either on ECG or by history) which, in the opinion of the Investigator, will interfere with the safety of the individual subject.
All patients must have an electrocardiogram (ECG) within  weeks of starting conditioning
Abnormalities on -lead ECG including, but not limited to, changes in rhythm and intervals that, in the opinion of the investigator, are considered to be clinically significant.
Patients with a clinically significant abnormality on screening electrocardiogram (ECG) (taken within  weeks) that in the opinion of the investigator/co-investigator may increase the patients cardiovascular risk in this study
-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) showing normal heart rhythm; note: if there are abnormalities, then the abnormalities must be deemed of no clinical significance
abnormal electrocardiogram or V test results,
Clinically significant abnormalities on electrocardiogram (ECG) at screening.
History or presence of an abnormal ECG that in the investigator's opinion is clinically meaningful.
The patient has had a myocardial infarction in the previous  weeks. (Prior to study entry, electrocardiogram [ECG] abnormalities at screening must be documented by the investigator as not medically relevant.)
Clinically significant abnormalities on electrocardiogram (ECG)
Abnormalities on -lead ECG including, but not limited to, changes in rhythm and intervals that in the opinion of the investigator are considered to be clinically significant.
