Participant has an uncontrolled infection. If a bacterial or viral infection is present, the participant must be receiving definitive therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  hours prior to registration. If a fungal infection is present, the participant must be receiving definitive systemic anti-fungal therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  week prior to registration.
Progressing infection is defined as hemodynamic instability attributable to sepsis or new symptoms, worsening physical signs or radiographic findings attributable to infection.
Persisting fever without other signs or symptoms will not be interpreted as progressing infection.
Participant has an uncontrolled infection. If a bacterial or viral infection is present, the participant must be receiving definitive therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  hours prior to randomization. If a fungal infection is present, the participant must be receiving definitive systemic anti-fungal therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  week prior to randomization.
Progressing infection is defined as hemodynamic instability attributable to sepsis or new symptoms, worsening physical signs or radiographic findings attributable to infection.
Persisting fever without other signs or symptoms will not be interpreted as progressing infection.
Patients with other uncontrolled infections: For bacterial infections, patients must be receiving therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  hours prior to enrollment. For fungal infections patients must be receiving anti-fungal therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  week prior to enrollment. Progressing infection is defined as hemodynamic instability attributable to sepsis or new symptoms, worsening physical signs or radiographic findings attributable to infection. Persisting fever without other signs or symptoms will not be interpreted as progressing infection.
Infection Criteria\r\n* Positive blood culture within  hours of study enrollment\r\n* Fever above . within  hours of study enrollment with clinical signs of infection; fever that is determined to be due to tumor burden is allowed if patients have documented negative blood cultures for at least  hours prior to enrollment and no concurrent signs or symptoms of active infection or hemodynamic instability\r\n* Active fungal, viral, bacterial, or protozoal infection requiring IV treatment; chronic prophylaxis therapy to prevent infections is allowed
Uncontrolled serious infection at the time of enrollment; infections are considered controlled if appropriate therapy has been instituted and, at the time of enrollment, patients do not have signs of infection progression; progression of infection is defined as hemodynamic instability attributable to sepsis, new symptoms, worsening physical signs or radiographic findings attributable to infection; persisting fever without other signs or symptoms will not be interpreted as progressing infection
Presence of an active uncontrolled infection including significant bacterial, fungal, viral or parasitic infection requiring treatment. Infections are considered controlled if appropriate therapy has been instituted and, at the time of screening, no signs of progression are present. Progression of infection is defined as hemodynamic instability attributable to sepsis, new symptoms, worsening physical signs or radiographic findings attributable to infection. Persisting fever without other signs or symptoms will not be interpreted as progressing infection.
Patients with other uncontrolled infections (except HIV/AIDS); for bacterial infections, patients must be receiving definitive therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  hours prior to enrollment; for fungal infections patients must be receiving definitive systemic anti-fungal therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  week prior to enrollment; progressing infection is defined as hemodynamic instability attributable to sepsis or new symptoms, worsening physical signs or radiographic findings attributable to infection; persisting fever without other signs or symptoms will not be interpreted as progressing infection
Patients with other uncontrolled/progressing infections defined as hemodynamic instability attributable to sepsis or new symptoms, worsening physical signs or radiographic findings attributable to infection. For bacterial infections, patients must be receiving definitive therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  hours prior to enrollment. For fungal infections patients must be receiving definitive systemic anti-fungal therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  week prior to enrollment. Persisting fever without other signs or symptoms will not be interpreted as progressing infection.
Patients with other uncontrolled infections; for bacterial infections, patients must be receiving definitive therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  hours prior to enrollment; for fungal infections patients must be receiving definitive systemic anti-fungal therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  week prior to enrollment; progressing infection is defined as hemodynamic instability attributable to sepsis or new symptoms, worsening physical signs or radiographic findings attributable to infection; persisting fever without other signs or symptoms will not be interpreted as progressing infection; patients with ongoing viral infections are excluded
Patients with other uncontrolled infections; for bacterial infections, patients must be receiving definitive therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  hours prior to generating CTLs; for fungal infections patients must be receiving definitive systemic anti-fungal therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  week prior to generating CTLs; progressing infection is defined as hemodynamic instability attributable to sepsis or new symptoms, worsening physical signs or radiographic findings attributable to infection; persisting fever without other signs or symptoms will not be interpreted as progressing infection
Patients with other uncontrolled infections; for bacterial infections, patients must be receiving definitive therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  hours prior to enrollment; for fungal infections patients must be receiving definitive systemic anti-fungal therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  week prior to enrollment\r\n* Progressing infection is defined as hemodynamic instability attributable to sepsis or new symptoms, worsening physical signs or radiographic findings attributable to infection; persisting fever without other signs or symptoms will not be interpreted as progressing infection
Patients with uncontrolled infections; for bacterial infections, patients must be receiving definitive therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  hours prior to enrollment; for fungal infections patients must be receiving definitive systemic antifungal therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  week prior to enrollment; progressing infection is defined as hemodynamic instability attributable to sepsis or new symptoms, worsening physical signs or radiographic findings attributable to infection; persisting fever without other signs or symptoms will not be interpreted as progressing infection
Patients who have an active uncontrolled infection defined as: \r\n* Positive bacterial blood culture within  hours of study enrollment; \r\n* Fever above . degree Celsius (C) within  hours of study enrollment with clinical signs of infection; fever that is determined to be due to tumor burden is allowed if patients have documented negative blood cultures for at least  hours prior to enrollment and no concurrent signs or symptoms of active infection or hemodynamic instability\r\n* A positive fungal culture within  days of study enrollment or active therapy for presumed invasive fungal infection\r\n* Patients may be receiving IV or oral antibiotics to complete a course of therapy for a prior documented infection as long as cultures have been negative for at least  hours and signs or symptoms of active infection have resolved; for patients with clostridium (c.) difficile diarrhea, at least  hours of antibacterial therapy must have elapsed and stools must have normalized to baseline\r\n* Active viral or protozoal infection requiring IV treatment
Presence of an active uncontrolled infection. An active uncontrolled infection is defined as hemodynamic instability attributable to sepsis or new symptoms, worsening physical signs, or radiographic findings attributable to infection. Persisting fever without signs or symptoms will not be interpreted as an active uncontrolled infection.
Patients with uncontrolled infections will be excluded. Infections are considered controlled if appropriate therapy has been instituted and, at the time of enrollment, no signs of progression are present. Progression of infection is defined as hemodynamic instability attributable to sepsis, new symptoms, worsening physical signs or radiographic findings attributable to infection. Persisting fever without other signs or symptoms will not be interpreted as progressing infection.
Subject has an active uncontrolled infection. If an infection is present, the patient must be receiving definitive therapy and have no signs of progressing infection. Progressing infection is defined as hemodynamic instability attributable to sepsis or new symptoms, worsening physical signs or radiographic findings attributable to infection. Persisting fever without other signs or symptoms will not be interpreted as progressing infection.
Patients with other uncontrolled/progressing infections defined as hemodynamic instability attributable to sepsis or new symptoms, worsening physical signs or radiographic findings attributable to infection. For bacterial infections, patients must be receiving definitive therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  hours prior to enrollment. For fungal infections patients must be receiving definitive systemic anti-fungal therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  week prior to enrollment. Persisting fever without other signs or symptoms will not be interpreted as progressing infection.
Uncontrolled infections; for bacterial infections, patients must be receiving definitive therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  hours prior to enrollment; for fungal infections patients must be receiving definitive systemic anti-fungal therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  week prior to enrollment
Progressing infection is defined as hemodynamic instability attributable to sepsis or new symptoms, worsening physical signs or radiographic findings attributable to infection; persisting fever without other signs or symptoms will not be interpreted as progressing infection
Patients with other uncontrolled infections; for bacterial infections, patients must be receiving definitive therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  hours prior to enrollment; for fungal infections patients must be receiving definitive systemic anti-fungal therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  week prior to enrollment; progressing infection is defined as hemodynamic instability attributable to sepsis or new symptoms, worsening physical signs or radiographic findings attributable to infection; persisting fever without other signs or symptoms will not be interpreted as progressing infection
Have active uncontrolled infection; an active uncontrolled infection is defined as hemodynamic instability attributable to sepsis or new symptoms, worsening physical signs, or radiographic findings attributable to infection; persisting fever without signs or symptoms will not be interpreted as an active uncontrolled infection
Subject has an uncontrolled infection. If a bacterial or viral infection is present, the subject must be receiving definitive therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  hours prior to randomization. If a fungal infection is present, the subject must be receiving definitive systemic anti-fungal therapy and have no signs of progressing infection for  week prior to randomization.
Subject has progressing infection defined as hemodynamic instability attributable to sepsis or new symptoms, worsening physical signs or radiographic findings attributable to infection. Persisting fever without other signs or symptoms will not be interpreted as progressing infection.
