Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, or Saint John's wort within  days before the first dose of study drug.
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort =<  days prior to registration
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or with rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, or St. John's wort within  days prior initiation of alisertib
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort within  days prior to the first dose of MLN and during the study
The subject has received enzyme-inducing anti-epileptic agents within  weeks before the first dose of cabozantinib (e.g., carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, primidone); other enzyme inducing agents prohibited within  weeks before the first dose of cabozantinib include rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, and St. Johns Wort
Co-administration of enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, or St. Johns wort is not permitted; concurrent bisphosphonate therapy is allowed if it was started before study entry and is maintained at recommended dosing intervals; bisphosphonate therapy may not be initiated after study entry
Inability to swallow oral medication or to maintain a fast as required for  hours before and  hour after MLN administration or any condition that would modify small bowel absorption of oral medications, including malabsorption, or resection of pancreas or upper bowel; treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, primidone or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, or St. John's wort within  days prior to the first dose of MLN and during the study; patients must be cautiously co-medicated with agents that cause corrected QT interval (QTc) prolongation and agents that are strong or moderate enzyme inhibitors during the study
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort within  days prior to the first dose of alisertib and during the study
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort within  days prior to the first dose of alisertib and during the study
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort within  days prior to the first dose of MLN and during the study
Patient must not have been treated with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine, or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, or St. John's wort within  days prior to the first dose of MLN
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. Johns wort within  days prior to the first dose of MLN and during the study; anticonvulsants at stable doses are allowed
Concomitant treatment with rifampin, St. Johns wort, or the cytochrome p enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs (phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital)
Patients must not be taking cytochrome P enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs (phenytoin, carbamazepine, or phenobarbital), rifampin, or St. Johns Wort
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort within  days prior to the first dose of alisertib and during the study
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort within  days prior to the first dose of MLN and during the study
Participants requiring treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing anti-epileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, oxcarbazepine, primidone, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, or St. John's wort within  days before the first dose of alisertib or requiring the use of these medications during the study.
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme- inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort within  days prior to the first dose of MLN and during the study
Treatment with the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort within  days prior to the first dose of MLN and during the study
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine or St. John's wort within  days prior to the first dose of sorafenib and during protocol therapy must not be used as these may interfere with sorafenib metabolism. Non-enzyme inducing anticonvulsants (Keppra, etc.) can be used after discussion with study chair.
Patients cannot be receiving enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs (EIAEDs) nor any other cytochrome P A (CYPA) inducers such as rifampin or St. Johns wort beginning at least  days prior to registration step 
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as the enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, primidone or phenobarbital, or rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, or St. John's wort within  days prior to the first dose of MLN and during the study
Uncontrolled seizure disorder. Use of cytochrome P enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs (phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital) is not allowed throughout the entire study.
Patients must not be taking cytochrome P enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs (phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital), rifampin or St. Johns wort
