Patient is currently receiving any of the following medications and cannot be discontinued  days prior to enrollment:\r\n* Known strong and moderate inducers or inhibitors of CYPA/, including enzyme inducing anti-convulsant drugs (EIACDs), grapefruit, grapefruit hybrids, pummelos, star-fruit, and Seville oranges\r\n* Substrates of CYPA/ with a narrow therapeutic index\r\n* Herbal preparations/medications (except for vitamins) including, but not limited to: St. Johns wort, Kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, black cohosh and ginseng; patients should stop using all herbal medications and dietary supplements at least  days prior to enrollment
Participants cannot take any herbal preparations/medications on study or within  days prior to first dose of study drug, including but not limited to: St. Johns wort, kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, ginseng
Herbal preparations/medications. These herbal medications include, but are not limited to: St. John's wort, kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng.
Herbal preparations are not allowed throughout the study; these herbal medications include but are not limited to: St. John's wort, kava, ephedra (ma hung), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto and ginseng; patients should stop using these herbal medications  days prior to study enrollment
Herbal preparations/medications are not allowed throughout the study, including but not limited to St. John's Wort, kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone, yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng. Patients should stop using these herbal medications  days prior to the first dose of AZD.
Use of herbal preparations/medications (including, but not limited to: St. Johns Wort, Kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko bilboa, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng within  days prior to first dose
Herbal preparations are not allowed throughout the study; these herbal medications include, but are not limited to: St. Johns wort, kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng
Current use of herbal preparations/medications, including but not limited to: St. Johns wort, kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, ginseng; participants should stop using these herbal medications  days prior to planned start of study treatment
Herbal preparations are not allowed throughout the study; these herbal medications include but are not limited to: St. John's wort, kava, ephedra (ma hung), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto and ginseng; patients should stop using these herbal medications  days prior to first dose of study treatment
Herbal preparations are not allowed throughout the study. These herbal medications include but are not limited to: St. John's wort, kava, ephedra (mahung), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto and ginseng. Patients should stop using these herbal medications  days prior to first dose of study treatment.
Current use of herbal preparations/medications, including but not limited to: St. Johns wort, Kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, ginseng. Participants should stop using these herbal medications  days prior to first dose of study drug
Patient must not be taking any herbal supplements during the study (including but not limited to St. Johns wort, kava, ephedra [ma huang], gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone [DHEA], yohimbe, saw palmetto, or ginseng); if a potential patient is taking any herbal supplements, s/he must discontinue prior to beginning study treatment
Willing to discontinue all herbal preparations/medications at least  days prior to the first dose of study drug and throughout the study; these include, but not limited to, St. John's wort, Kava, ephedra (ma huang), ginkgo biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng
PRIOR/CONCURRENT THERAPY CRITERIA: The concurrent use of all herbal supplements is prohibited during the study (including but not limited to St. Johns Wort, kava, ephedra [ma huang], ginko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone [DHEA], yohimbe, saw palmetto, or ginseng)
Willing to discontinue all herbal preparations/medications at least  days prior to the first dose of study drug and throughout the study; these include, but are not limited to, St. John's wort, Kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng
Patients who have received herbal medications =<  weeks prior to study entry; herbal medications include, but are not limited to: St. Johns wort, Kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng
Concomitant use of herbal medications (i.e. St. Johns wort, Kava, ephedra [ma huang], gingko biloba) at least  days prior to the first dose of study drug and throughout participation in the trial
Current use of or anticipated requirement during the study of prohibited medication(s) (any investigational drug(s), Other anti-cancer therapy (chemotherapy, radiation therapy, immunotherapy, biologic therapy, or hormone therapy other than for replacement), AR antagonists (e.g., bicalutamide, flutamide, nilutamide), -alpha reductase inhibitors (e.g., finasteride, dutasteride), Androgens (e.g., testosterone, dihydroepiandrosterone), Herbal medication(s) that may affect PSA levels (e.g., saw palmetto), Other herbal medications including, but not limited to: St. John's wort, kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, yohimbe and ginseng)
Patients may not use natural herbal products or other folk remedies while participating in this study; herbal medications include, but are not limited to St. Johns wort, kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng
