ECOG performance score -
ECOG performance-status score of  or less
ECOG performance status score ? .
Nottingham score of  (specially nuclear and mitotic score>)
Moderate cGvHD: At least one organ (not lung) with a score of ,  or more organs involved with a score of  in each organ, or lung score of 
Severe cGvHD: at least  organ with a score of , or lung score of  or 
ECOG Score of -
ECOG performance status score of  or less
Performance score (PS) of - by Zubrod score
ECOG score  or less
ECOG score 
ECOG performance score of  or  .
Patient has an ECOG Performance Status score of  or  (solid tumors) or KPS score ?  (rHGG).
Evidence of cirrhosis, documented by one of the following: Liver biopsy histologic diagnosis: Metavir Score greater than  (includes  -  or ) or Ishak score greater than  In the absence of liver biopsy: a FibroScan score greater than or equal to . kPa or Fibrotest score of >. AND an APRI score greater than .
Has an ECOG performance status score of  to .
Have an ECOG Performance Status score of  to .
Subjects must have an ECOG Performance Score of -.
ECOG performance status of - (score of  may be acceptable)
ECOG performance status of - (score of  may be acceptable)
ECOG Score ?
ECOG Performance Status score of  or  for subjects with NMC; - for subjects with other tumor types.
ECOG Performance Status score of ? 
Internation Prostate Symptom Score score must be ?  (alpha blockers allowed);
ECOG Performance Status score  or 
Have good performance score (-).
Subject has a TBS with an SBSS score of , , or .
Patients must have an ECOG performance score between  and .
Patients must have an ECOG Performance Score of  or .
ECOG performance score ? 
ECOG score of  or 
Patient must have proven positive tumor sample for NY-ESO- as determined by an H score for immunohistochemistry staining. Positive expression is defined as an H score ?  where the H score = [ x (% cells +) +  x (% cells +)]. NOTE: The percentages of negative or weakly stained nuclei (i.e. +) are not to be included in the calculation of the H score.
ECOG Performance Score of  or 
ECOG performance status score of -.
Must have an ECOG performance status score of less than or equal to .
Participant must have an ECOG performance status score of  or 
Patients must have an ECOG score =< 
ECOG Performance Score of  -
ECOG Performance Status score of ,  or 
ECOG performance status score ,  or 
Patients must have an ECOG performance score of , , or .
ECOG Performance Score of  or 
Performance Status corresponding to ECOG score of , , or :
ECOG Performance Status score of  or 
ECOG performance score of -.
Minimum pre-treatment oNCF score >= 
WHO/ECOG performance score >  and life expectancy of <  months
Score at least a  on the Contemplation Ladder
ECOG Performance Score of  or  within  days prior to registration
Have an ECOG score of -
