For enrollment to the phase  portion of the trial: Administration of any cytochrome P (CYP)A inhibitors or inducers within  days prior to the first dose of alectinib and from cycle  day   cycle  day  of the phase  portion of the trial; following completion of this period, strong/potent cytochrome P (CYP)A inhibitors or inducers are prohibited while on study
Subjects currently being treated with a CYP C, CYP C, CYP C, CYP D, and P-gp substrate with a narrow therapeutic index.
Requires treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) A/ inhibitor
Patients who requires treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) family , subfamily A (A) inhibitor
Taking a medication known to be a clinically significant cytochrome (CYP) A strong inhibitor (eg, ketoconazole within  days) or strong inducers (eg, rifampin and St. John's Wort within  days) of starting treatment with Oratecan. http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DevelopmentApprovalProcess/DevelopmentResources/DrugInteracti onsLabeling/ucm.htm
For cohort  (MCL) only: strong CYPA inducers/inhibitors within  days prior to day  of protocol therapy and/or requires treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) A/ inhibitor
Use of a strong inhibitor or inducer of cytochrome P (CYP) A.
Requires treatment with a strong cytochrome P(CYP) A inhibitor OR subjects who have received a strong cytochrome P(CYP) A inhibitor within  days prior to the first dose of ibrutinib or subjects who require continuous treatment with a strong CYP  A inhibitor
Use of a moderate or strong inhibitor or inducer of cytochrome P (CYP) A within  days prior to the expected start of ibrutinib therapy.
Requires treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) A inhibitor
Current use of a strong cytochrome P (CYP) A/ inhibitor or inducer
Requires treatment with a strong cytochrome (CYP) A/ inhibitor
Requires treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) A inhibitors or inducer
Requires treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) A inhibitor/inducers
Requires treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) A/ inhibitor
Requires treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) A/ inhibitor
Requires treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP), family , subfamily A (A) inhibitor
Requires treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) family , subfamily A (A) inhibitor
Requirement to receive treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) A inhibitor
Requires treatment with strong cytochrome P (CYP)A/ inhibitors, unless previously approved by sponsor
Current treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) A inhibitor or inducer (EIAEDs and dexamethasone for CNS tumors or metastases, on a stable dose, are allowed)
Concurrent use of known cytochrome P A (CYP A) inhibiting or activating medications
Use of strong CYP inhibitors or drugs that carry a definite risk of torsades de pointes. Please consult the medication prescribing information prior to prescribing new medications to make sure that the new medication is not a strong CYP inhibitor. Moderate CYP inhibitors should be avoided if possible
Subject requires treatment with concomitant drugs that are strong inducers of cytochrome P (CYP)A.
Strong inhibitors of cytochrome P A (CYPA) are prohibited; grapefruit juice is an inhibitor of CYP and should not be taken with pazopanib
Patients who were receiving drugs that were sensitive substrates of CYP A, A, C, C or D, or strong inhibitors or inducers of all major CYP isozymes that could not have been stopped at least  days or  half-lives (whichever was longer) before starting treatment with ABC, could not have been replaced with another appropriate medication or not given for the duration of the clinical study. (A list of commonly used drugs that are sensitive substrates of CYP A, A, C, C or D, or strong inhibitors or inducers of all major CYP isozymes with the half-life of each drug identified, is included in Appendix )
Patients who require treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) A inhibitor
Subject requires treatment with concomitant drugs that are strong inducers of cytochrome P (CYP)A.
Treatment with strong cytochrome P (CYP) A inhibitors or inducers within  days before the first dose of study drug.
Patients who require treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) A/ inhibitor
Treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) A inhibitor.
Requires treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) family , subfamily A, polypeptide / (A/) inhibitor
Requirement for treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) A/ inhibitor
Requires treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) A inhibitor
Requires treatment or prophylaxis with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) A inhibitor
Concurrent use of a strong cytochrome P(CYP) A inhibitor.
Patients are not eligible if they require treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) family , subfamily A (A) inhibitor
Subject requires treatment with concomitant drugs that are strong inducers of cytochrome P (CYP)A.
Patients who requires treatment with a potent cytochrome P (CYP) A inhibitor or inducer
Prior treatment with CYP inhibitors
Concurrent use of known cytochrome P A (CYP A) inhibiting or activating medications
Concurrent use of a strong cytochrome P (CYP)A/ inhibitor
Requires chronic treatment with strong cytochrome P (CYP)A inhibitors
Requires treatment or prophylaxis with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) A inhibitor
Requires treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) family , subfamily A (A) inhibitor (i.e. voriconazole, posaconazole, itraconazole, clarithromycin, etc.) or inducer (carbamazepine, rifampin, phenytoin, et cetera [etc.])
Use of strong cytochrome P (CYP) A inhibitors within  weeks before the first dose of study drug.
Use of strong cytochrome P (CYP) A inhibitors within  weeks before the first dose of study drug.
Treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) A inhibitor
Condition requiring treatment with strong inhibitors/inducers of cytochrome p (CYP) C within  days prior to first dose of chemotherapy (requirement applies to subjects enrolled to Part  chemotherapy combination with docetaxel).
Requires treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) family , subfamily A, polypeptide / (A/) inhibitor
DONOR: Concurrent treatment with strong inhibitors of hepatic cytochrome P (CYP) A (i.e. clarithromycin, erythromycin, protease inhibitors, azole antifungals)
EXCLUSION CRITERIA (PRIOR TO IBRUTINIB ADMINISTRATION): Requires treatment with a strong cytochrome P (CYP) A/ inhibitor
Taking known strong cytochrome P (CYP) C inducers or inhibitors
Has received concomitant treatment with a strong inhibitor or inducer of cytochrome P (CYP)A/ within  days of first receipt of DS-b
Subject requires treatment with concomitant drugs that are strong inducers of cytochrome P (CYP) A.
Requires treatment with a strong CYP A inhibitor
