Patients must not be receiving any strong CYPA or P-glycoprotein (P-gp) inducers or inhibitors within  days prior to enrollment; moderate inducers or inhibitors of CYPA and P-gp should also be avoided during ABI- treatment, if possible
Patients who are currently receiving drugs that are inhibitors or inducers of p-glycoprotein (P-gp) or adenosine triphosphate (ATP)-binding cassette, subfamily G, member  (ABCG [BCRP]) are not eligible
Chronic use of a P-gp inhibitor, or a P-gp substrate with a narrow therapeutic index. A washout period of  days is required prior to venetoclax dosing if a prohibited medication is discontinued.
Concomitant treatment with strong inhibitor of P-glycoprotein (P-gp)
Treatment with any known P-gp inducers/inhibitors or strong CYPA inhibitors within  days prior to the first dose of study drug
Known strong inducers or inhibitors of cytochrome (CYP)A or P-glycoprotein (P-gp);
Ongoing therapy with a P-gp inhibitor (e.g., nelfinavir, indinavir, or saquinavir-protease inhibitors for HIV) as these drugs interact with the factor Xa inhibitors
Taking a medication known to be clinically significant P-gp inhibitors or inducers within  days of treatment with Oratecan.
Any P-glycoprotein (P-gp) inducers/inhibitors or strong cytochrome PA (CYPA) inhibitors within  days prior to the first dose of study drug
A known P-glycoprotein (P-gp) inhibitor or inducer. Subjects who are taking such medications but who are otherwise eligible may be enrolled if they discontinue the medication ? week before dosing
known to be inducers or inhibitors of P-gp
Medications or supplements that are known to be inhibitors of P-glycoprotein (P-gp) or strong inhibitors or inducers of Cytochrome (CY) PA within  times the inhibitor half-life (if a reasonable half-life estimate is known) or within  days (if a reasonable half-life estimate is unknown) before the first dose of study drug. In general, the use of these agents is not permitted during the study except for AE management.
Medications or supplements that are known to be strong CYPA mechanism based inhibitors or strong CYPA inducers and/or P-gp inducers within  days or within  times the inhibitor or inducer half-life (whichever is longer) before the first dose of study drug. In general, the use of these agents is not permitted during the study except for AE management.
concomitant use of strong inhibitors or inducers of both cytochrome P- A and P-Glycoprotein; Standard criteria:
Concomitant use of P gp inhibitors or inducers or BCRP inhibitors
Concurrent use of medications/food which may interfere with BMS- including any strong inhibitors or inducers of CYPA or P-gp is not allowed. These include but are not limited to class I antiarrhythmics (eg, quinidine, procainamide, disopyramide, lidocaine, phenytoin, mexiletine, tocainide, flecainide, propafenone, moricizine), grapefruit and seville oranges
P-gp inducers/inhibitors or strong CYPA inhibitors within  days before the first dose of drug, with the exception of the antibiotics/ antifungals used as prophylaxis and/or supportive care
Subject requires treatment with concomitant drugs that are strong inhibitors or inducers of P glycoprotein (P-gp) with the exception of drugs that are considered absolutely essential for the care of the subject.
Patients must not be taking, nor plan to take while on protocol treatment strong P-glycoprotein (P-gp) inhibitors, P-gp inducers, or breast cancer resistance protein (BCRP) inhibitors
Any P-gp inducers/inhibitors or strong CYPA inhibitors within  days prior to the first dose of study drug
Subject requires treatment with concomitant drugs that are strong inhibitors or inducers of P-glycoprotein (P-gp) with the exception of drugs that are considered absolutely essential for the care of the subject.
NTI P-gp substrates
Concomitant treatment with strong inhibitor of P-gp.
Subject requires treatment with concomitant drugs that are strong inhibitors or inducers of P-gp with the exception of drugs that are considered absolutely essential for the care of the subject.
Any P-gp inducers/inhibitors or strong CYPA inhibitors within  weeks before the first dose of study drug (See Appendix F for list of excluded drugs)
Subject requires treatment with concomitant drugs that are strong inhibitors or inducers of P glycoprotein (P-gp) with the exception of drugs that are considered absolutely essential for the care of the subject.
Current or anticipated use of a P glycoprotein (P gp) inhibitor (eg, dronedarone, quinidine, ranolazine, itraconazole, ketoconazole), strong P gp inducer (eg, rifampin, ritonavir, tipranavir), or strong inhibitor of breast cancer resistance protein (BCRP) (eg, elacridar [GF]).
Participants chronically receiving strong cytochrome P A (CYPA)/P-glycoprotein (P-gp) inhibitors or inducers within  days prior to study enrollment
History of immunization with gp(g-M)
Strong or moderate P-gp inhibitors or inducers
Concomitant treatment with strong inhibitors or inducers of P-glycoprotein (P-gp)
Current or anticipated use of a strong P-gp inhibitor, strong P-gp inducer, or strong inhibitor of BCRP.
Subject who has received strong or moderate inhibitors (e.g., ketoconazole or fluconazole) or inducers (e.g., rifampin or phenytoin) of cytochrome P (CYP)A or of P-glycoprotein (P-gp), or substrates of multidrug and toxin extrusion (MATE) with the exception of antibiotics, antifungals, and antivirals that are used as standard of care post transplant or to prevent or treat infections and other such drugs that are considered absolutely essential for the care of the subject within  weeks prior to start of study treatment and while on study.
Contraindicated treatments noted in the product labelling for doxorubicin, including trastuzumab and inhibitors and inducers of CYPA, CYPD, or P-gp.
Current and continued use during study treatment period of known Breast cancer resistance protein (BCRP) inhibitors or known P-gp inhibitors.
Received medications, supplements, or food/beverages that are P-glycoprotein (P-gp) inhibitors or inducers or strong cytochrome P (CYP) A inhibitors or inducers within a certain timeframe prior to the first dose of study drug. Depending on the substance, the washout period for P-gp inhibitors or inducers or strong CYPA inhibitors or inducers will be either  days or  times the half-life (half-life is related to the time required for elimination from the body). The washout period for grapefruit containing food or beverages is  days.
Medications or supplements that are known to be inhibitors of P-glycoprotein (P-gp) and/or strong reversible inhibitors of cytochrome P (CYP) A within  times the inhibitor half-life (if a reasonable half-life estimate is known) or within  days (if a reasonable half-life estimate is unknown) before the first dose of study drug. In general, the use of these agents is not permitted during the study except in cases in which an AE must be managed. See a nonexhaustive list of prohibited strong CYPA reversible inhibitors and/or P-gp inhibitors based on the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Draft Drug-Drug Interactions (DDI) Guidance.
Medications or supplements that are known to be moderate reversible inhibitors of CYPA within  times the inhibitor half-life (if a reasonable half-life estimate is known) or within  days (if a reasonable half-life estimate is unknown) before the first dose of study drugs. In general, the use of these agents is not permitted during the study for this combination except in cases in which an AE must be managed. See a list of nonexhaustive moderate CYPA reversible inhibitors based on the US FDA Draft DDI Guidance.
Subjects currently receiving or unable to stop using medications or herbal supplements known to be potent inhibitors of cytochrome P (CYP) A and / or P-glycoprotein (P-gp) (CYP and / P-gp must stop at least  week before treatment with M) or potent inducers of CYPA or P-gp (must stop at least  weeks before treatment with M) or drugs mainly metabolized by CYPA with a narrow therapeutic index (must stop at least  day prior).
Subject requires treatment with concomitant drugs that are strong inhibitors or inducers of P-glycoprotein (P-gp) with the exception of drugs that are considered absolutely essential for the care of the subject.
Use of strong cytochrome PA (CYPA) inhibitors and CYPA inducers or inhibitors or modulators of P-glycoprotein (P-gp) or breast cancer resistance protein (BCRP) within  week before the first dose of study drug.
Medications or supplements that are known to be strong or moderate Cytochrome PA (CYPA) inhibitors or strong or moderate CYPA inducers and/or P-glycoprotein (P-gp) inhibitors or inducers within  days or within  times the inhibitor or inducer half-life (whichever is longer) before the first dose of study drugs. In general, the use of these agents is not permitted during the study except in cases in which an adverse event (AE) must be managed during interruption of study drug dosing.
Medications or supplements that are known to be inhibitors of P-glycoprotein (P-gp) and/or strong reversible inhibitors of cytochrome P (CYP) A within *the inhibitor half-life (if a reasonable half-life estimate is known), or within  days (if a reasonable half-life estimate is unknown), before the first dose of study drug.
Medications or supplements that are known to be strong CYPA mechanism-based inhibitors or strong CYPA inducers and/or P-gp inducers within  days or within  times the inhibitor or inducer half-life (whichever is longer) before the first dose of study drug. In general, the use of these agents is not permitted during the study except in cases in which an AE must be managed during interruption of study drug dosing.
Medications or supplements that are known to be inhibitors of P-glycoprotein (P-gp) and/or strong reversible inhibitors of cytochrome P (CYP) A within  times the inhibitor half-life (if a reasonable half-life estimate is known) or within  days (if a reasonable half-life estimate is unknown) before the first dose of study drug. In general, the use of these agents is not permitted during the study.
Medications or supplements that are known to be strong CYPA mechanism-based inhibitors or strong CYPA inducers and/or P-gp inducers within  days, or within  times the inhibitor or inducer half-life (whichever is longer), before the first dose of study drug. The use of these agents is not permitted during the study.
