Age greater than or equal to (>/=)  years
Age greater than or equal to (>/=)  years
Age greater than or equal to  years
Men and women greater than or equal to  years of age.
Age above or equal to  years
Subjects must be at least  and less than or equal to  years of age at the time of study entry.
Be greater than or equal to (>=)  years of age at the time of consent.
Age greater than or equal to  years old at the time of informed consent
Age greater than or equal to  years old
Participants less than or equal to  years of age: Lansky greater than or equal to 
Participants greater than  years of age: Karnofsky greater than or equal to  or Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) less than .
Patients with untreated AML must meet at least one of the following conditions:\r\n* Age greater than or equal to  years;\r\n* Age greater or equal to  and less than  years with at least one of the following poor prognostic factors:\r\n** Secondary AML, as determined by known and documented exposure to chemotherapy or radiation therapy\r\n** Antecedent history of MDS or myeloproliferative disorder according to WHO criteria for at least  months prior to trial entry;\r\n** Unfavorable cytogenetic abnormalities including chromosome  and  as well as complex;\r\n** ECOG performance status 
Age greater than or equal to  years
Age greater than  years.
Subjects must have Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) Performance Status of ) to  for subjects greater than or equal to  years of age, or  to  for subjects greater than or equal to  to  years of age
Age greater than or equal to (>=) years
Age greater than or equal to  years at the time of informed consent.
Age greater than or equal to  years.
Man or woman greater than or equal to (>=)  years of age
Female patients must have a bone age of equal to or greater than  years of age as determined by local read of appropriate radiographic imaging
Male patients must have a bone age of equal to or greater than  years of age as determined by local read of appropriate radiographic imaging
Subject must be greater than or equal to  years of age in Phase  and . Subjects enrolled in Cohort C must be either:
greater than or equal to  years of age; OR
of  to  for subjects greater than equal to  years of age
of  to  for subjects greater than equal to  to  years of age, if  -  another co-morbidity is required to make subject eligible.
Age greater than years
Adult participants greater than or equal to  years of age
Subject must be greater than or equal to  years of age.
Untreated AML, greater than or equal to  years of age and are not candidates for standard therapy due to age, performance status, and/or adverse risk factors, according to the treating physician and with approval of the Medical Monitor;
Age greater than or equal to  years, either sex.
DONOR: Children greater than or equal to  years of age who have inadequate peripheral vein access to safely undergo apheresis
Age greater than  years and less than or equal to  years (nonmyeloablative regimen )
Age greater than or equal to  but less than or equal to  years old that in the opinion of the investigator(s) would preclude myeloablative therapy and who cannot receive total body irradiation (TBI) may receive reduced intensity regimen 
Age greater than or equal to  years
Must be greater or equal to  years of age
male or female greater than or equal to  years of age
International Prognostic Index (IPI) score greater than or equal to  for patients greater than  years of age or age-adjusted IPI (aaIPI) score of  or  for patients less than or equal to  years of age
Greater than or equal to  years of age
Ambulatory patients greater than or equal to (?)  years of age
Age greater than or equal to  years.
Adult participants, greater than or equal to (>/=)  years of age
At US sites, patients greater than or equal to  years of age may be enrolled. At non-US sites, patients must be greater than or equal to  years of age.
Male or female greater than or equal to  years of age.
Patients must be greater than  years of age
The minimum age from greater than , to greater than 
The minimum age from greater than , to greater than 
Individuals greater than or equal to  years of age
greater than or equal to  years of age
Age greater than or equal to  years, and
