Patients with tumors to be injected lying close to an airway, major blood vessel or spinal cord that, in the opinion of the Investigator, could cause occlusion or compression in the case of tumor swelling or erosion into a major vessel in the case of necrosis. Patients with lesions in mucosal areas (vulvar, anus, oral cavity, etc.), are eligible, as long as the subject has at least one lesion suitable for injection; consult Medical Monitor for confirmation.
Radiologically documented evidence of major blood vessel invasion or encasement by cancer.
Patients with tumors lying close to an airway, major blood vessel or spinal cord that, in the opinion of the investigator, could cause occlusion or compression in the case of swelling, or erosion into a major vessel in the case of necrosis.
Has a tumor(s) in direct contact or encases a major blood vessel, and has ulceration and/or fungation onto the skin surface at the projected injection site.
Tumor invades a major blood vessel
COHORT B, GROUP : HEAD AND NECK SQUAMOUS CELL CARCINOMA: Patients must not have evidence of major vessel involvement or encasement by tumor; a tumor abutting a major blood vessel may be allowed after review of scans with the radiologist and discussions with the principal investigator (PI)
NSCLC patients with radiographic evidence of major airway or blood vessel invasion by cancer, radiographic evidence of intra-tumor cavitation, or gross hemoptysis (>= one teaspoon) within the preceding  months.
The patient has radiologically documented evidence of major blood vessel invasion or encasement by cancer
Tumors lying in mucosal regions or close to an airway, major blood vessel or spinal cord.
T tumor with direct invasion of esophagus, spinal cord, major blood vessel, or heart
Radiographic evidence of major blood vessel invasion/infiltration
Radiographic evidence of major blood vessel invasion/infiltration.
Radiographically documented evidence of major vessel invasion or encasement by cancer.
Have radiologically documented evidence of major blood vessel invasion or encasement by cancer.
Radiographic evidence of major blood vessel invasion/infiltration.
The subject has a pulmonary lesion abutting or encasing a major blood vessel
The participant has radiologically documented evidence of major blood vessel invasion or encasement by cancer
Tumors that are invading a major vessel; NSCLC tumors abutting to a major vessel
Tumors to be injected lying in mucosal regions or close to an airway, major blood vessel or spinal cord that, in the opinion of the Investigators, could cause occlusion or compression in the case of tumor swelling or erosion into a major vessel in the case of necrosis.
Has radiologically documented evidence of major blood vessel invasion or encasement by cancer
Tumor invades a major blood vessel
Subjects with tumor that directly contacts or encases a major blood vessel AND there is ulceration and/or fungation onto the skin surface
