No ongoing cardiac dysrhythmias of grade >=  National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version ., uncontrolled atrial fibrillation (any grade), or corrected QT (QTc) interval >  msec
Ongoing cardiac dysrhythmias of NCI CTCAE v. Grade  or prolongation of the QTcF interval to > msec.
History of ventricular dysrhythmias or risk factors for ventricular dysrhythmias
Any ongoing cardiac dysrhythmias of National Cancer Institute (NCI) CTCAE grade > , NCI CTCAE grade  atrial fibrillation, or corrected QC interval per Fridericia's formula (QTcF) interval >  msec, except for documented right bundle branch block, at screening
Clinically significant cardiovascular disease, active or within  months prior to enrollment. Ongoing cardiac dysrhythmias, uncontrolled atrial fibrillation, bradycardia or congenital long QT syndrome
Any history of CTCAE grade ? cardiac dysrhythmias within the last  months. Patients with non-QTc CTCAE grade  cardiac dysrhythmias may be considered for inclusion, with the approval of the medical monitor, if the dysrhythmias are stable, asymptomatic, and unlikely to affect patient safety.
Ongoing cardiac dysrhythmias of National Cancer Institute (NCI) CTCAE grade >=  or prolongation of the corrected QT interval (QTc) interval to >  msec
History of ventricular dysrhythmias or risk factors for ventricular dysrhythmias
Ongoing cardiac dysrhythmias of NCI CTCAE version . grade >= . Controlled atrial fibrillation is permitted.
Cardiac exclusions specific to glasdegib and OX containing arms: Any one of the following ongoing or in the previous  months: congenital long QT syndrome, torsades de pointes, sustained ventricular tachyarrhythmia, right or left bundle branch block and bifascicular block, unstable angina, coronary/peripheral artery bypass graft, cerebrovascular accident (CVA), transient ischemic attack or symptomatic pulmonary emboli, as well as bradycardia defined as <  beats per minute (bpm)s. Active cardiac dysrhythmias of NCI CTCAE grade >=  (eg, atrial fibrillation) or corrected QT (QTc) interval >  msec.
Cardiac dysrhythmias of NCI CTCAE grade >=  within the last  days
History of or ongoing cardiac dysrhythmias requiring treatment, atrial fibrillation of any grade, or persistent prolongation of the QTc (Fridericia) interval to >  msec for males or >  msec for females.
Ongoing symptomatic cardiac dysrhythmias, uncontrolled atrial fibrillation, or prolongation of the corrected QT interval defined as >  msec for males and >  msec for female
Patient must not have ongoing ventricular cardiac dysrhythmias of grade >=  as described by the Cancer Therapy Evaluation Program (CTEP) version . of the National Cancer Institute (NCI) CTCAE
Ongoing cardiac dysrhythmias of NCI CTCAE version . grade >= ; controlled atrial fibrillation is permitted
No ongoing cardiac dysrhythmias, atrial fibrillation, or prolongation of corrected QT (QTc) interval to >  msec
Ongoing symptomatic cardiac dysrhythmias or uncontrolled atrial fibrillation
Cardiac dysrhythmias;
Ongoing cardiac dysrhythmias
Sustained or symptomatic ventricular dysrhythmias uncontrolled with drug therapy or implantable device
uncontrolled dysrhythmias causing hemodynamic compromise,
Ongoing cardiac dysrhythmias of NCI CTCAE Grade ? , uncontrolled atrial fibrillation of any grade, or an average of triplicate QTc interval > msec.
