Have a performance status of  or  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale.
Performance status - on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale.
Have a performance status of ? on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale.
Eastern Cooperative Group (ECOG) performance scale -
Have a performance status of ? on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale.
Performance status score of - according to the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale
Must have a performance status of  to  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale.
Have a performance status of  to  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale.
Have a performance status of  or  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale.
Have a performance status of at least  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale and life expectancy > months
Performance status ?  (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group [ECOG] scale)
Performance status - (by Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group [ECOG] scale)
Have a performance status of  to  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group scale.
Performance status =<  (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group [ECOG] scale).
Performance status =<  (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group [ECOG] scale).
Have Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale performance status of  or .
Have a performance status of  or  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale.
Have a performance status of  or  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale.
Patients must have a performance status of - (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group [ECOG] scale)
Have a performance status of  or  or  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG)\r\nperformance scale
Subjects must have an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale of -
Performance status =<  (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group [ECOG] scale)
Performance status  or  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale
Performance status of  or  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale
Subjects who have a performance status of ? on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale.
Performance status </= on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale
Have a performance status of  to  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale for adults.
Have a performance status of less than or equal to  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale and life expectancy of more than  weeks.
Performance status ?  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale.
have a performance status of  or  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group scale
Have a performance status of  or  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group scale at baseline.
Have a performance status ? on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale
Have a performance status ? on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale.
Have a performance status ? on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale.
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance scale status of  or 
Performance status - on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale.
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance scale -
Have performance status equal to or less than  on Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale
Performance status of  or  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale is required
Maintain a performance status score of  to  according to the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale
Have a performance status of equal to or less than  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale
Have a performance status of  or  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale
Have a performance status of ?  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale in Part A and ?  on the ECOG scale in Part B.
Performance Status score of  or  according to the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale.
Performance status of  or  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale
Performance status - of the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale
Performance status of ,  or  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) Scale
Have a performance status of less than or equal to  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale
Have an ECOG (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group) performance scale status of   
Have a performance status of  to  on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group scale
Performance status  to  (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group [ECOG] scale)
ECOG (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group) scale performance status -
Performance status of - according to the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale
Have a performance status of ? on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale
Have a performance status of ? on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale.
