All prior treatment-related toxicities must be Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version . (CTCAE v) grade =<  (except alopecia) at the time of enrollment
No unresolved toxicities from prior therapy greater than Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade  at the time of starting study treatment, with the exception of alopecia and grade , prior platinum-therapyrelated neuropathy
All prior anti-cancer treatment-related toxicities (except alopecia and laboratory values as listed above) must be =< grade  according to the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version  (CTCAE version ., ) at the time of starting treatment
With the exception of alopecia, any unresolved toxicities from prior therapy greater than Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade  at the time of starting study treatment
Participant has unresolved, clinically significant toxicities from prior anticancer therapy, defined as greater than Grade  on Common Terminology for adverse events.
All prior anti-cancer treatment-related toxicities (except alopecia and laboratory values) must be =< grade  according to the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version  (CTCAE version .) at the time of randomization
Any unresolved toxicities from prior therapy greater than Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade  at the time of starting study treatment
Participant has unresolved toxicities from most recent prior anti-cancer therapy, defined as any Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE v .) grade  or higher clinically significant toxicity (excluding alopecia).
Toxicities of prior therapy must be resolved to grade  or less as per Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version . with the exception of alopecia and grade , prior platinum-therapy related neuropathy
PHASE II INCLUSION CRITERIA: Toxicities of prior therapy must be resolved to grade  or less as per Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version . with the exception of alopecia and grade , prior platinum-therapy related neuropathy
Any unresolved toxicities from prior therapy greater than Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade  at the time of starting study treatment
Any unresolved toxicities from prior therapy greater than Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE), Grade , at the time of starting study treatment with the exception of alopecia and Grade , prior platinum-therapy related neuropathy.
Prior systemic treatment is allowed, but toxicities of prior therapy must be resolved to grade  or less as per Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version .
Any unresolved toxicities from prior therapy greater than Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade  (with the exception of alopecia grade ) at the time of starting study treatment
Toxicities related to prior anticancer treatment (except alopecia) that have not resolved to =< grade  according to common terminology criteria for adverse events (CTCAE version [V].) before registration or prior to start of therapy
Unresolved toxicity higher than Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade  attributed to any prior therapy or procedure, excluding alopecia
Any unresolved toxicity NCI Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade >=  from previous anticancer therapy with the exception of alopecia, vitiligo, and the laboratory values defined in the inclusion criteria
All prior treatment-related toxicities must be Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) (version .) =< grade  at the time of screening (except alopecia)
Any unresolved chronic toxicity >= grade  from previous anticancer therapy (except alopecia and anemia), according to Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version (v). (CTCAE)
Previous treatment-associated clinically significant toxicities resolved to Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade =<  (except alopecia) or baseline
Any unresolved toxicity (> Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events [CTCAE] grade ) from previous anti-cancer therapy
Have any unresolved chronic toxicity with Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version . grade >= , from previous anticancer therapy, except for alopecia
Unresolved toxicity ? Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade  from previous anti-cancer therapy except alopecia (if applicable) unless agreed that the patient can be entered after discussion with the medical monitor
With the exception of alopecia, any unresolved toxicities from prior therapy ? Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade 
Unresolved toxicities from prior anticancer therapy, defined as having resolved to Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE, version .), grade  or , with the exception of alopecia
Previous treatment-associated toxicities resolved to Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade =<  (except alopecia)
Any unresolved toxicity >= Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade  from previous anti-cancer therapy, except for alopecia and neurotoxicity
Any unresolved toxicities from prior therapy greater than Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade  at the time of starting study treatment with the exception of alopecia and grade , prior platinum-therapy related neuropathy
Any unresolved toxicity (> Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events [CTCAE] grade ) from previous anti-cancer therapy
All prior treatment-related toxicities must be Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version . (CTCAE v.) grade =<  (except alopecia) at the time of enrollment
Any unresolved chronic toxicity greater than Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Event (CTCAE) grade  or greater from previous anti-cancer therapy (this criterion does not apply to alopecia)
All prior treatment-related toxicities must be Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) (version .) =< grade  (except alopecia) at the time of enrollment
Any unresolved toxicity Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) > grade  from previous anti-cancer therapy
All prior treatment-related toxicities must be Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version . (CTCAE v .) grade =<  (except alopecia); grade  prior treatment related toxicities may be allowed after discussion with the principal investigator
All prior treatment-related toxicities must be Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version  (CTCAE v ) grade =<  (except alopecia) at the time of enrollment; this requirement to return to =< grade  does not apply to immune checkpoint inhibitor related endocrinopathies (e.g. thyroiditis, hypophysitis, etc.) that necessitate hormone replacement therapy including, but not limited to levothyroxine, cortisol, and testosterone; CTCAE v. will be utilized beginning April , 
Any unresolved toxicities from prior therapy greater than Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade  at the time of starting study treatment with the exception of alopecia and grade  platinum-therapy related neuropathy
Unresolved toxicity > Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade  from previous anti-cancer therapy, except for alopecia
All prior treatment-related toxicities must be Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) (version .) =< grade  (except alopecia)
All prior treatment-related toxicities must be Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version . grade =<  (except alopecia) at the time of enrollment
Any chemotherapy related toxicities from prior treatment (> grade  per Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events [CTCAE] version [v].)
All prior treatment- related toxicities must be Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) (version .) =< grade  (except alopecia) at the time of enrollment
All prior treatment-related toxicities must be Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version (v) grade =<  (except alopecia) at the time of randomization
Subject has unresolved clinically significant toxicities from prior anticancer therapy, defined as any Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) Grade  or higher.
All prior therapy related toxicities must have resolved to Grade less than  severity per Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE version .), except alopecia and infertility.
Subjects who have not recovered from toxicities as a result of prior anticancer therapy, except alopecia and infertility. Recovery is defined as less than Grade  severity per Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events Version . (CTCAE v.).
With the exception of alopecia, any unresolved toxicities from prior anti-tumor treatments (excluding corticosteroids) should be no greater than Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) (version .) grade  at the time of study entry
Prior treatment related side effects must have resolved to < grade  severity per Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE version .), except alopecia and infertility
Any unresolved toxicity CTCAE (Common Terminology Criteria of Adverse Events) >Grade  from previous anti-cancer therapy
All prior treatment-related toxicities must be Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version (v)  grade =<  (except alopecia) at the time of enrollment
All treatment related toxicities, except alopecia, must have recovered to Grade  or better (Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE); version .) prior to administration of the first dose of study treatment.
With the exception of alopecia, any unresolved toxicities from prior chemotherapy should be no greater than Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) (version .) grade  at the time of starting study treatment
All prior treatment-related toxicities must be Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) v. grade =<  (except alopecia); Grade  prior treatment related toxicities may be allowed after discussion with the Principal Investigator
Unresolved toxicities from any prior therapy greater than Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events Grade  at the time of starting study treatment with the exception of alopecia.
All prior treatment-related toxicities must be Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version  (CTCAE v) grade =<  (except alopecia) at the time of enrollment
Toxicities of prior therapy (excepting alopecia) should be resolved to =< grade  per the revised NCI Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version .
Presence of any unresolved >=Grade  (per Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events [CTCAE] version .) toxicity from previous anti-cancer therapy at the time of enrollment, except alopecia or Grade  anemia. Subjects with MM who have ?Grade  peripheral neuropathy (per CTCAE v.) are permitted.
Unresolved clinically significant toxicities from prior anticancer therapy, defined as any Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) => Grade 
All prior treatment-related toxicities must be Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) (version .) =< grade  (except alopecia) at the time of enrollment
Unresolved toxicities from prior systemic therapy that are Common Terminology Criteria in Adverse Events (CTCAE) version . or . >= grade  in severity except alopecia
Any unresolved chronic toxicities > grade , measured by Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version  (v)
Any chemotherapy related toxicities from prior treatment (>= grade I per Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events [CTCAE] version [v].)
All prior treatment-related toxicities must be Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version (v) grade =<  (except alopecia) prior to the first dose of the study drug
Has unresolved, clinically significant toxicities from prior anti-cancer therapy defined as > Grade  on Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events.
Existing anticancer treatment-related toxicities of Grades >=  (except for alopecia and Grade  sensory neuropathy) according to Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE v.).
Unresolved toxicity of Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) Grade  or greater from previous anti-cancer therapy or radiotherapy
All prior treatment-related toxicities must be Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version (V)  grade =<  (except alopecia); certain exceptions apply, such as immunotherapy-induced hypothyroidism or adrenal insufficiency or panhypopituitarism requiring stable doses of hormone replacement or rash from prior therapy
Unresolved non-hematologic toxicities from prior therapies that are > Common terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) Grade  (with the exception of alopecia [Grade  or  permitted])
All prior anti-cancer treatment-related toxicities (except alopecia and laboratory values as listed in the protocol) must be <=grade  according to the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version  (CTCAE version .) at the time of randomization.
All prior treatment-related toxicities must be Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version (v) grade =<  (except alopecia) at the time of randomization and crossover
All prior anti-cancer treatment-related toxicities (except alopecia) must be <= Grade  according to the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version . at the time of enrollment
The subject has unresolved clinically significant toxicities from prior anticancer therapy, defined as any Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) Grade  or higher.
Any unresolved chronic toxicity with Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade >= , from previous anti-NF therapy, except for alopecia
All toxicities from prior therapies must have resolved to Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version (v). grade I or better by the time of study enrollment
Patients must have recovered from acute toxicities resulting from therapy administered prior to entering this study to grade  or less (Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events [CTCAE] ); alopecia may be unresolved
All prior treatment-related toxicities must be Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) v. grade =<  (except for adverse events [AEs] not considered to be dose-limiting toxicities [DLTs] in this trial such as alopecia and lymphopenia) at the time of enrollment; if there are any questions, please contact the study's principal investigator
With the exception of alopecia, any unresolved toxicities from prior anti-tumor treatments (excluding corticosteroids) should be no greater than Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) (version .) grade  at the time of study entry
All chemotherapy or radiation-related toxicities must have resolved to Grade < severity per Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE v.), except alopecia and infertility.
