Patients should have resolution of any toxic effects of prior therapy (except alopecia) to NCI CTCAE, version ., grade  or less
Patients should have resolution of any toxic effects of prior therapy (except fatigue and alopecia) to NCI CTCAE, version ., grade  or less, including immune toxicity
Patients should have resolution of any toxic effects of prior therapy (except alopecia) to National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE), version ., grade  or less
Patients should have resolution of any toxic effects of prior therapy (except alopecia) to National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE), version ., grade 
Resolution of all acute adverse events resulting from prior cancer therapies to NCI CTCAE grade ?  or baseline
Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior chemotherapy, radiotherapy, surgery to =< grade  per National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version  (NCI CTCAEv) except neuropathy which may be =< grade 
Resolution of all acute toxic effects (excluding alopecia) of any prior anti-cancer therapy to National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI CTCAE) Version . Grade less than or equal to .
For patients with newly diagnosed ovarian/tubal/peritoneal cancer who have received pre-operative neoadjuvant chemotherapy, evidence of response must be documented by at least one of the following:\r\n* Decline in serum cancer antigen (CA)  level\r\n* At least a % decrease in the sum of the longest diameter of target lesions on radiographic imaging\r\n* Improvement of ascites volume\r\n* Neoadjuvant chemotherapy must be held for at least  weeks prior to surgery\r\n* Resolution of any effects of prior therapy (except alopecia and peripheral neuropathy) to the current National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI CTCAE) grade =<  and to baseline laboratory values as defined
Not recovered from side effects of prior therapy to ? Grade  (according to National Cancer Institute [NCI] CTCAE version .). Certain side effects that are unlikely to develop into serious or life-threatening events (e.g. alopecia) are allowed at > Grade
Have discontinued previous treatments for cancer and have resolution, except where otherwise stated in the inclusion criteria, of all clinically significant toxic effects of prior chemotherapy, surgery, or radiotherapy to Grade ? by National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE), Version ..
All acute toxic effects of any prior treatment have resolved to National Cancer Institute-Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI-CTCAE) version (v) . grade  or less at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF) except for alopecia
Have NO continuing acute toxic effects of any prior therapy, including but not limited to biological therapy, radiotherapy, chemotherapy, or surgical procedures, i.e., all such effects must have resolved to Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE, version .) grade =< ; any other surgery (except biopsies) must have occurred at least  days prior to study enrollment
Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior chemotherapy or surgical procedures to National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version . grade < , in the opinion of the treating physician
All acute toxic effects of any prior treatment have resolved to National Cancer Institute (NCI)-Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version (v). grade  or less
Resolution of all toxic side effects of prior chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or surgical procedures to National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade ? 
Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior chemotherapy, radiotherapy or surgical procedures to National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) Version . grade 
Have resolution of Adverse Events (AEs), with the exception of alopecia, and of all clinically significant toxic effects of prior locoregional therapy, surgery or radiotherapy to ?Grade , by National Cancer Institute-Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI-CTCAE) Version ..
Resolution of all acute toxic effects of any prior chemotherapy, radiotherapy or surgical procedures to National Cancer Institute (NCI) CTCAE version . grade 
Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior chemotherapy, immunotherapy, radiotherapy or surgical procedures to National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version . grade 
Subject has recovered to grade =<  by the National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events, version . (NCI-CTCAE v .) from the effects of recent surgery, radiotherapy, chemotherapy, hormonal therapy, or other targeted therapies, with the exception of alopecia. The exceptions for such effects are allowed lab values of =< grade  specified elsewhere in these inclusion criteria.
Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior chemotherapy, radiotherapy or surgical procedures to National Cancer Institute (NCI) CTCAE version . grade 
Patients must have resolution of all acute toxic effects (excluding alopecia) of any prior anti-cancer therapy to National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade =<  or to the baseline laboratory values as defined in the inclusion criteria
Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior chemotherapy, immunotherapy, radiotherapy or surgical procedures to =< grade  (Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events [CTCAE] version [v] .); exception to this criterion: patients with any grade of alopecia are allowed to enter the treatment
All acute toxic effects of any prior treatment have resolved to National Cancer Institute (NCI)-Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version . (CTCAE v.) grade  or less at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF) except for alopecia
Patients who have not had resolution of clinically significant toxic effects of prior anticancer therapy to =< grade  as per by the National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events, version . (NCI-CTCAE, v. .)
CAPMATINIB INCLUSION CRITERIA: Resolution of all acute toxic effects (excluding alopecia) of prior radiotherapy, chemotherapy or surgical procedures to Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) v. grade =< 
Have NO continuing acute toxic effects (except alopecia) of any prior chemotherapy, radiotherapy or surgical procedures; all such effects must have resolved to Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE, version .) grade =< ; surgery (except minor procedures such as biopsies, IV line placement, etc.) must have occurred at least  days prior to study enrollment
Resolution of acute toxic effects of prior therapy or surgical procedures to National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade =<  (except alopecia)
All acute toxic effects of any prior treatment have resolved to National Cancer Institute-Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI-CTCAE) version (v) . grade  or less at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF)
Resolution of any effects of prior therapy (except alopecia) to National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version . grade =<  and to baseline laboratory values as defined below
Not recovered from side effects of prior therapy to ? Grade  (according to National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE v. .). Certain side effects that are unlikely to develop into serious or life-threatening events (e.g. alopecia) are allowed at > Grade .
Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior therapy or surgical procedures to Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade =<  (except alopecia)
Resolution of any clinically significant toxic effects of prior therapy to grade  or  according to the National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI CTCAE), Version . (exception of alopecia and grade  peripheral neuropathy).
Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior therapy or surgical procedures to National Cancer Institute (NCI) CTCAE . grade =< 
All acute toxic effects of any prior treatment have resolved to National Cancer Institute-Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI-CTCAE) version (v). grade  or less at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF); exceptions to this include alopecia
Recovered from toxic effects of prior therapy to < Grade  per National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) prior to Day . Minimum duration required between prior therapy and Day  is:
The participant has resolution to Grade  or less by Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events Version ., of all clinically significant toxic effects of previous therapy.
Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior anti-cancer therapy or surgical procedures to National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version . grade =<  (except alopecia or other toxicities not considered a safety risk for the patient at investigators discretion)
Resolution of all acute adverse events resulting from prior cancer therapies to NCI CTCAE grade ?  or baseline (except alopecia or neuropathy)
Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior anti cancer therapy or surgical procedures to NCI CTCAE version . Grade ? (except alopecia or other toxicities not considered a safety risk for the patient at investigator's discretion).
Resolution of all acute toxic effects (excluding alopecia) of any prior anti-cancer therapy to National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI CTCAE) Version . Grade less than or equal to .
Resolution of all acute adverse events resulting from prior cancer therapies to NCI CTCAE grade ?  or baseline (except alopecia)
All acute toxic effects of any prior radiotherapy, chemotherapy, or surgical procedures must have resolved to Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE, version .) grade =< 
Subject has resolution to grade ? by NCI-CTCAE (Common Toxicity Criteria for Adverse Effects) Version . of all clinically significant toxic effects of prior treatment
Participant has resolution to grade ?  by the National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events, Version  (NCI-CTCAE v .) of all clinically significant toxic effects of prior chemotherapy, surgery, radiotherapy, or hormonal therapy with the exception of peripheral neuropathy which must have resolved to grade ? 
Resolution of clinically significant side effects of prior chemotherapy, radiotherapy, immunotherapy or surgical procedures to National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade =<  or grade =<  for neuropathy
Have resolution, except where otherwise stated in the inclusion criteria, of all clinically significant toxic effects of prior systemic cancer therapy, surgery, or radiotherapy to Grade ? by National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) Version ..
All acute toxic effects of any prior treatment have resolved to National Cancer Institute-Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI-CTCAE) version (v). grade  or less at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF)
All acute toxic effects of any prior treatment have resolved to National Cancer Institute-Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI-CTCAE) version (v). grade  or less at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF)
All acute toxic effects of any prior treatment have resolved to National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version . (NCI-CTCAE v.) grade  or less at the time of signing the Informed Consent Form (ICF)
Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior chemotherapy or surgical procedures to National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version . grade < , in the opinion of the Treating Physician
Have resolution of all acute toxic effects of any prior chemotherapy or radiotherapy to National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria (NCI CTC) grade =<  prior to study registration
All acute toxic effects of any prior treatment have resolved to National Cancer Institute-Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI-CTCAE) v. grade  or less at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF)
Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior chemotherapy, radiotherapy, hormonal therapy, or surgery to National Cancer Institute (NCI)-Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version . grade =< , except for diarrhea (which must be grade  without supportive antidiarrheal medications) and alopecia (any grade)
All acute toxic effects of any prior treatment have resolved to National Cancer Institute (NCI)-Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version . (v.) grade  or less at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF)
Resolution of all clinically significant toxic effects of prior cancer therapy to grade ? by the National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events, version . (NCI-CTCAE, v..)
Resolution of any toxic effects of prior therapy (except alopecia) to National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI CTCAE) version (v.). grade =<  and to baseline laboratory values as defined in the inclusion criterion immediately below
Resolution of all toxic side effects of prior chemotherapy, radiotherapy or surgical procedures to National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) (version .) grade =<  (with the exception of grade  alopecia, grade  neuropathy and grade  fatigue)
Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior radiotherapy or surgical procedures to National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version . grade =< 
Resolution to Grade ?  Adverse Events, of all clinically significant toxic effects of prior therapy
Treatment with any anticancer therapy (standard or investigational) within the  days prior to the first dose of study drug. In addition, subjects must have fully recovered (i.e., National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events [CTCAE] Grade  [exception: subjects with prior bortezomib may have CTCAE Grade  neuropathy]) from the clinically significant toxic effects of that treatment
All acute toxic effects of any prior treatment have resolved to National Cancer Institute (NCI)-Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version . (v.) grade  or less at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF); alopecia (any grade) and peripheral neuropathy < grade  is allowed
Resolution of all toxic effects of prior treatments except alopecia to Grade  or  by National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI CTCAE) version ..
Resolution of all toxic effects of prior treatments except alopecia to Grade  or  by National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI CTCAE) version ..
Acute toxic effects of all prior treatment have resolved to National Cancer Institute-Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI-CTCAE) version (v). =< grade  or baseline prior to beginning treatment; alopecia (any grade) is allowed; peripheral neuropathy =< grade  is allowed
Recovered from toxic effects of prior therapy to < Grade  toxicity per National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) prior to Day . Minimum duration required between prior therapy & Day  is:
Resolution of any toxic effects of prior therapy (including radiotherapy) according to National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI CTCAE), version ., grade =<  (with the exception of alopecia and =< grade  neuropathy); subject must have recovered from significant surgery-related complications
All acute toxic effects of any previous radiotherapy, chemotherapy, or surgical procedures must have resolved to grade  or lower according to Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) (version .)
All acute toxic effects of any previous radiotherapy, chemotherapy, or surgical procedures must have resolved to grade I or lower according to Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) (version .)
Have discontinued previous treatments for cancer and have resolution, except where otherwise stated in the inclusion criteria, of all clinically significant toxic effects of prior chemotherapy, surgery, or radiotherapy to Grade ? by National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE), Version . (v .).
Resolution to grade =<  by National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE v.) of all clinically significant toxic effects of prior anti-cancer therapy (with the exception neuropathy, which may be =< grade  within  days prior to cycle  day )
All acute toxic effects of any prior treatment have resolved to grade  or less (by National Cancer Institute-Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events [NCI-CTCAE] v .) at the time of registration; NOTE: exceptions to this criterion will include alopecia and fatigue
Has AEs that have resolved to Grade ?  by the National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events, Version . (NCI-CTCAE v .) from all clinically significant toxic effects of prior chemotherapy, surgery, radiotherapy,or hormonal therapy
Not recovered from side effects of prior therapy to ? grade  (according to National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version . [NCI CTCAE v. .]). Certain side effects that are unlikely to develop into serious or life-threatening events (e.g. alopecia) are allowed at > grade 
Resolution to grade =<  by National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version . (CTCAE v.) of all clinically significant toxic effects of prior anti-cancer therapy (with the exception neuropathy, which may be =< grade  within  days prior to cycle  day )
The patient has recovered to grade =<  by the National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events, version . (NCI-CTCAE v.) from the effects of recent surgery, radiotherapy, chemotherapy, hormonal therapy, or other targeted therapies, with the exception of alopecia; the exceptions for such effects are allowed lab values of =< grade  specified elsewhere in these inclusion criteria
Patients who are currently part of any clinical investigation or who has not had resolution of all acute toxic effects or prior anti-cancer therapy to NCI CTCAE version . Grade  (except alopecia or other toxicities not considered a safety risk for the patient at investigator's discretion).
Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or surgical procedure to National Cancer Institute (NCI) Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade =< 
Recovery from toxic effects of prior therapies to grade  or better according to National Cancer Institute-Common Terminology Criteria of Adverse Events (NCI-CTCAE), version (v) 
Resolution of all toxic effects of prior treatments (except alopecia) to Grade <= NCI CTCAE, Version ..
Resolution of all acute adverse events resulting from prior cancer therapies to NCI CTCAE grade ?  or baseline
