Diagnosis of multiple myeloma (MM) with relapsed and/or refractory disease. Participants must have received at least  prior lines of therapy. Participants must have previously received all of the following therapies and must be refractory to the last line of therapy prior to entering the study:
Participants must have relapsed or refractory (R/R) multiple myeloma (MM) for which no established therapy for MM is appropriate and available or be intolerant to those established therapies
Subjects who have previously participated in Merck pivotal trial NCT: Study of Pomalidomide and Low Dose Dexamethasone With or Without Pembrolizumab (MK-) in Refractory or Relapsed and Refractory Multiple Myeloma (RRMM) (MK--/KEYNOTE-).
Relapsed and relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma requiring systemic therapy
Men and women,  years or older, with advanced, relapsed or refractory solid tumors, Multiple Myeloma (MM) or non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL) in Part A. In Part B, relapsed or refractory CD-positive NHL subjects only.
Multiple myeloma that has relapsed after, or was not responsive to, initial therapy.
Relapsed, relapsed and refractory or refractory multiple myeloma patients who have received >  prior lines of therapy including a proteasome inhibitor, an immunomodulatory agent, and an anti-CD monoclonal antibody
International Staging System (ISS) stage I-III multiple myeloma that has progressive, relapsed, or refractory disease
Relapsed and/or refractory myeloma; there is no minimum or maximum number of previous therapies that a patient may have received previously before being put on the current trial
Histologically- or cytologically-confirmed relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma (MM) with measurable disease
Measurable multiple myeloma that is relapsed or refractory to established therapies with known clinical benefit in relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma or be intolerant of those established multiple myeloma therapies, and a candidate for JNJ- treatment in the opinion of the treating physician. Prior lines of therapy must include a proteasome inhibitor and an immunomodulatory drug in any order during the course of treatment. Participants who could not tolerate a proteasome inhibitor or immunomodulatory drugs are allowed
Patients with a confirmed diagnosis of multiple myeloma who have received two or more lines of therapy including an IMiD and PI, and are relapsed and/or refractory to their most recent line of therapy. Patients who have received a prior autologous bone marrow transplant and otherwise meet the inclusion criteria are eligible for this study.
Relapsed multiple myeloma that is chemotherapy sensitive and has failed or ineligible for an autologous transplant
Relapsed multiple myeloma that is chemotherapy sensitive and has failed or ineligible for an autologous transplant
Patient must have relapsed and symptomatic multiple myeloma
Refractory or relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma
Criteria  Relapsed or progressive multiple myeloma after last treatment
Relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma with progressive disease at study entry
Patient must have a diagnosis of multiple myeloma and have relapsed or relapsed/refractory disease.
Confirmed relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma after at least two prior lines of therapy.
Histologically or cytologically confirmed diagnosis of multiple myeloma that is relapsed or relapsed-and-refractory after at least  or more prior lines of therapy. Patients must have achieved at least minor response (MR) to at least one prior line of therapy
Relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma. Participants with primary refractory myeloma only allowed in dose-escalation phase of the study.
A diagnosis of multiple myeloma (MM) and documentation of relapsed or relapse/refractory status following at least  prior lines of therapy
-  Documented relapsed or progressive Multiple Myeloma (MM) on or after any regimen or is refractory to the most recent line of therapy.
Documented refractory or relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma
Pathologically documented,multiple myeloma relapsed or refractory progressive disease after at least  lines of therapy for multiple myeloma. Prior therapeutic treatment or regimens must include proteasome inhibitors (e.g. bortezomib) and immunomodulatory drugs (e.g. lenalidomide).
Patient has a diagnosis of multiple myeloma with documented relapsed and/or relapsed-refractory disease
Have a documented diagnosis of multiple myeloma and have relapsed and refractory disease.
Participant has documented relapsed or progressive multiple myeloma on or after any regimen or who are refractory to the most recent line of therapy. Relapsed myeloma is defined as previously treated myeloma that progresses and requires initiation of salvage therapy, but does not meet the criteria for refractory myeloma. Refractory myeloma is defined as disease that is non responsive (failure to achieve minimal response or development of progressive disease [PD]) while on primary or salvage therapy, or progresses within  days of last therapy.
Newly diagnosed or relapsed multiple myeloma
Subjects of ?  years of age with histopathologically confirmed diagnosis of lymphoma or multiple myeloma that is refractory to or relapsed after at least  prior regimens.
Relapsed multiple myeloma
Confirmed diagnosis of relapsed and/or refractory multiple myeloma (MM) according to International Myeloma Working Group guidelines (); refractory disease is defined as documented disease progression during or within  days after their most recent line of anti-myeloma therapy
Patients with relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma who have received at least  prior therapies, which must include lenalidomide and a proteasome inhibitor; patients must have disease refractory to the most recent therapy; refractory myeloma is defined as progressive disease during or within  days of last therapy; patients must have previously received or be ineligible for (or refused) autologous stem cell transplant
Patients must have a diagnosis of relapsed or relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma with a minimum of one prior regimen and a maximum of  prior regimens
Must have a documented diagnosis of multiple myeloma and have relapsed-and-refractory disease. Patients must have received at least  lines of prior therapies. Patients must have relapsed after having achieved at least stable disease (SD) for at least one cycle of treatment to at least one prior regimen and then developed progressive disease (PD). Patients must also have documented evidence of PD during or within  days (measured from the end of the last cycle) of completing treatment with the last anti-myeloma drug regimen used just prior to study entry (refractory disease)
Relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma and has already received =<  standard treatment regimens; note: induction, transplant, consolidation, and maintenance is considered one regimen
Patients requiring therapy who have relapsed and/or are refractory to their last therapy and have been treated with at least , but not more than  lines of multiple myeloma therapy.
Relapsed or relapsed/refractory progressive Multiple Myeloma
(Part ) Have relapsed multiple myeloma after receiving a minimum of  and a maximum of  prior lines of therapy and be eligible for treatment with lenalidomide and dexamethasone (Len/Dex)
Participants with relapsed and/or refractory multiple myeloma (RRMM) who had received  to  prior therapies. NOTE: population included the following  categories of participants:
Confirmed diagnosis of multiple myeloma that is relapsed and/or refractory for which no curative option exists.
Patients with relapsed multiple myeloma who have already received one or more standard treatment regimens
Refractory or relapsed multiple myeloma
Patient must have multiple myeloma that has either relapsed or has high risk cytogenetics
Must have received - prior therapies for their myeloma and have relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma; prior therapy with bortezomib is allowed as long as they were not refractory to bortezomib
Must have relapsed and/or refractory multiple myeloma with measurable disease
Patients must have relapsed or relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma (MM) after at least three but not more than six prior therapeutic regimens for MM, including induction therapy and stem cell transplant in candidate patients, which will be considered as only one regimen.
Diagnosis of relapsed multiple myeloma
Patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma based on standard criteria
Disease refractory to last myeloma regimen.
Patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma after at least  prior therapy
Relapsed or refractory Multiple Myeloma (MM) a. Treated with at least  prior regimen for myeloma
Patients with relapsed multiple myeloma who have already received one or more standard treatment regimens
Patients with relapsed or refractory myeloma who have had >=  lines of prior therapy
Diagnosis of relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma (MM) and documentation of at least  prior therapy; there is no maximum number of prior regimens
Relapsed multiple myeloma. At least ? line of therapy and progressed after ? prior therapy
Relapsed/refractory myeloma
Participants must have histologically confirmed multiple myeloma that is relapsed or refractory
High risk, or refractory and relapsed multiple myeloma
Pathologically-documented diagnosis of multiple myeloma that is relapsed or is refractory as defined by the following:
Subject must have a pathologically documented, definitively diagnosed, multiple myeloma relapsed, or refractory progressive disease after at least  lines of therapy for multiple myeloma. Prior therapeutic treatment or regimens must include a proteasome inhibitor and lenalidomide.
Relapsed multiple myeloma
