All adverse events grade >  related to prior therapies (chemotherapy, radiotherapy, and/or surgery) must be resolved, except for alopecia
Patients who have not recovered from adverse events due to prior anti-cancer therapy to grade  or baseline; patients with stable, controlled grade  adverse events (AEs) such as peripheral neuropathy, hypothyroidism, hypertension, adrenal insufficiency or alopecia are allowed after discussing with the PI
All adverse events associated with any prior surgery and intravesical therapy must have resolved to grade =<  prior to registration
Adverse events from prior anti-cancer therapy resolved to Grade < or = , except any grade alopecia and/or peripheral sensory or motor neuropathy which must have resolved to Grade < or = 
GENERAL: Adverse events (AEs) from prior anticancer therapy that have not resolved to grade =<  except for alopecia.
Systemic anti-cancer treatment within  weeks, and all ongoing adverse events resolved to grade ? 
Adverse events from prior anticancer therapy that have not resolved to grade =<  except for alopecia.
Adverse events (AEs) from prior anticancer therapy that have not resolved to grade =<  except for alopecia and neuropathy
Adverse events (AEs) from prior anticancer therapy that have not resolved to grade =<  except for alopecia
Adverse events (AEs) from prior anti-cancer therapy that have not resolved to grade =<  except for alopecia and neuropathy
Adverse events (AEs) from prior anticancer therapy that have not resolved to grade =<  except for alopecia
Adverse events (AEs) from prior anticancer therapy that have not resolved to grade ?  except for alopecia
Adverse events from previous cancer therapies (excluding alopecia) must have recovered to grade  (CTCAE, most recent version). Stable grade  AEs such as endocrine conditions are allowed, and other chronic stable AEs may be considered on a case by case basis by the Principal Investigator.
Participant has unresolved adverse events greater than grade  from prior anticancer therapy except for alopecia.
Adverse events from prior anticancer therapy that have not resolved to grade =<  except for alopecia
Subject has unresolved adverse events >= Grade  from prior anticancer therapy, except for alopecia or anemia.
Adverse events (AEs) from prior anticancer therapy that have not resolved to grade =<  except for alopecia.
Adverse events (AEs) from prior anticancer therapy that have not resolved to grade =<  except for alopecia
Prior anti-cancer therapy (e.g., biologic or other targeted therapy, chemotherapy, hormonal therapy) within  weeks prior to day  if the patient has recovered from all adverse events (AEs) to grade  except for alopecia
Adverse events from prior anti-cancer therapy that have not resolved to Grade less than or equal to (</=)  except for alopecia or endocrinopathy managed with replacement therapy
Resolution of any adverse events (AEs) from prior treatments must be resolved to baseline or grade =<  at enrollment (with the exception of alopecia), neuropathy, and ototoxicity (i.e., AEs that are not expected to improve within the washout period)
Adverse events from prior anti-cancer therapy that have not resolved to Grade <=  except for alopecia
Adverse events (AEs) from prior anticancer therapy that have not resolved to grade =<  except for alopecia
All adverse events related to prior therapies (chemotherapy, radiotherapy, and/or surgery) must be resolved to =< grade , except for alopecia
All AEs while receiving prior immunotherapy must have resolved to ? Grade  or baseline prior to screening for this study.
Subjects who have had any anticancer treatment prior to entering the study and have not recovered to baseline (except alopecia) or ? Grade  AEs, or deemed irreversible from the effects of prior cancer therapy. AEs > Grade  that are not considered a safety risk by the Sponsor and investigator may be allowed upon agreement with both, including residual neuropathy.
Adverse events (AEs) from prior anticancer therapy that have not resolved to grade ?  except for alopecia
Subjects who have had any anticancer treatment prior to entering the study and have not recovered to baseline (except alopecia) or? Grade  AEs, or deemed irreversible from the effects of prior cancer therapy. AEs > Grade  that are not considered a safety risk by the Sponsor and investigator may be allowed upon agreement with both.
Last anti-cancer treatment (including any investigational drug) >=  weeks from initiation of protocol-based therapy, and provided all adverse events (AEs) (other than alopecia) have resolved to =< grade  at baseline
Adverse events (AEs) from prior anticancer therapy that have not resolved to grade =<  except for alopecia
Patients may have had prior chemotherapy or immunotherapy or radiation therapy. Any drug-related adverse events (AEs) identified during prior therapy must have been well-controlled (typically resolution to ? Grade ), or resolved upon investigator review prior to initiation of the study therapy.
Subjects who have had any anticancer treatment prior to entering the study and have not recovered to baseline (except alopecia) or ? Grade  AEs, or deemed irreversible from the effects of prior cancer therapy. AEs > Grade  that are not considered a safety risk by the Sponsor and Investigator may be allowed upon agreement with both.
Subjects who have had any anticancer treatment prior to entering the study and have not recovered to baseline (except alopecia) or ? Grade  AEs, or deemed irreversible from the effects of prior cancer therapy. AEs > Grade  that are not considered a safety risk by the Sponsor and investigator may be allowed upon agreement with both.
Adverse events from prior anti-cancer therapy that have not resolved to Grade <= except for alopecia, vitiligo, or endocrinopathy managed with replacement therapy
Unresolved adverse events >= Grade  from prior anticancer therapy, except for alopecia.
