Any significant medical complications related to therapy must have resolved
All associated clinically significant toxicity from previous cancer therapy must be resolved (to ?Grade  or baseline) prior to study treatment administration (Grade  alopecia is allowed).
Has an EGFR TKI- related toxicity that has NOT resolved to Grade  or less.
All acute, clinically significant treatment-related toxicity from prior therapy, except for alopecia, must have resolved to grade =<  prior to study entry
Toxicity from prior therapy (except alopecia) has resolved to ?Grade ; in the event of toxicity that has not resolved to ?Grade  but is considered stable, the patient may be eligible after discussion among the investigator and sponsor's medical monitor.
Persistent toxicity from recent therapy that has not sufficiently resolved in the judgment of the study physician.
Prior treatment-related toxicity resolved to =< grade  or baseline
Acute, clinically significant treatment-related toxicity from prior therapy must have resolved to Grade </= prior to study entry
All associated clinically significant drug-related toxicity from previous cancer therapy must be resolved prior to study treatment administration (alopecia is allowed).
Toxicity related to prior treatments must either have resolved to grade  or less, returned to baseline, or be deemed irreversible
Any toxicity related to prior treatment must have resolved to Grade  or less, with the exception of alopecia and Grade , prior platinum-therapy related neuropathy
Residual or on-going >= grade  treatment-related toxicity from previous chemotherapy should be resolved
Grade >=  nonhematological toxicity from prior therapy that has not resolved to =< grade 
Presence of an acute or chronic toxicity of prior chemotherapy that has not resolved to ? Grade , as determined by CTCAE v ..
Toxicity from previous treatment including: a) Toxicity Grade >= related to prior immunotherapy and that lead to study treatment discontinuation. b) Toxicity related to prior treatment has not resolved to Grade <= (except alopecia, or endocrinopathy managed with replacement therapy).
All acute, clinically significant treatment-related toxicity from prior therapy, except for alopecia, must have resolved to grade =< 
Any significant medical complications related to consolidation cycle  must have resolved
Any toxicity related to prior EGFR inhibitor treatment must have resolved to Grade \n             or less
Grade  or  immune related toxicity associated with prior ipilimumab therapy that has not resolved to grade  or 
All acute treatment-related toxicity must have resolved to Grade less than or equal to (</=)  or be deemed stable by the Investigator
Prior history of >= grade  neurotoxicity or any other toxicity requiring discontinuation of taxane therapy that has not resolved to =< grade , with the exception of alopecia
Toxicity from prior therapy (excluding alopecia) that has not resolved to =< grade  prior to the first treatment with G-
Any reversible treatment-related toxicity that has not resolved to NCI CTCAE grade =<  except neuropathy
Toxicity from prior radiation therapy has NOT resolved to grade  or less
All toxicity related to prior cancer therapies must have resolved to ? Grade , with the following exceptions: alopecia; neuropathy, which must have to resolved to ? Grade ; and congestive heart failure (CHF), which must have been ? Grade  in severity and must have resolved completely.
Any toxicity related to prior cancer therapies that has not resolved to =< grade , with the exception of peripheral neuropathy, which must have resolved to =< grade , and alopecia
Toxicity from prior chemotherapy that has not resolved to Grade ? ;
All associated toxicity from previous or concurrent cancer therapy must be resolved (to ?Grade  or Baseline) prior to study treatment administration
All associated toxicity from previous or concurrent cancer therapy must be resolved (to ? Grade  or Baseline) prior to study treatment administration.
All associated toxicity from previous or concurrent cancer therapy must be resolved (to ? Grade  or Baseline) prior to study treatment administration.
All acute treatment-related toxicity from prior therapy must have resolved to Grade ?  prior to study entry
Acute prior study treatment related toxicity (except alopecia) that has not resolved to Grade < or = to  unless it has been deemed stable by the investigator
All acute treatment-related toxicity from prior therapy must have resolved to Grade ?  prior to study entry
All acute treatment-related toxicity from prior therapy must have resolved to Grade ?  prior to study entry
All acute treatmentrelated toxicity from prior therapy must have resolved to Grade ?  prior to study entry
The patient has a prior ALK-inhibitor-related toxicity or any other prior therapy-related acute toxicity that has not resolved prior to the first dose of study drug.
Residual > Grade  toxicity from prior treatment must have resolved with the exception of those explicitly described elsewhere in entry criteria
Presence of an acute or chronic toxicity resulting from prior anti-cancer therapy, with the exception of alopecia, that has not resolved to Grade ?  within  days prior to start of CA- unless approved by the Medical Monitor
Clinically significant toxicity (other than alopecia) from prior therapy that has not resolved to Grade ?  (according to the NCI CTCAE, v.) prior to Cycle  Day 
All acute, clinically significant treatment-related toxicity from prior therapy, except for alopecia, must have resolved to grade =< 
Any grade  or clinically significant grade  treatment-related non-hematological toxicity must be resolved to grade  before retreatment with chemotherapy (with exception of alopecia)
Resolution of any acute, clinically significant treatment-related toxicity from prior therapy to Grade less than or equal to (</=)  prior to study entry, with the exception of alopecia
Have discontinued all disease-modifying therapy for the primary cancer > days prior to initiation of study treatment. In addition, clinically significant toxicities associated with any prior therapy for the primary cancer, including investigational treatments, have resolved or stabilized to Grade ? toxicity > days prior to initiation of study treatment with the exception of neuropathy, which must have resolved to Grade ?. Continuation of a stable dose (minimum of  days prior to study entry) of denosumab or bisphosphonate is permitted on study.
