Resolution of all chemotherapy-related or radiation-related toxicities to grade  severity or lower, except for stable sensory neuropathy (=< grade  allowed) and alopecia (of any grade)
Resolution of all chemotherapy-related or radiation-related toxicities to grade  severity or lower, except for stable sensory neuropathy (=< grade ) and alopecia
Received prior chemotherapy, an immune checkpoint inhibitor, or radiation therapy within  weeks prior to study registration or who has not recovered (i.e., ? Grade  or at baseline) from adverse events from previously administered agents. NOTE: Subjects with alopecia, grade ?  sensory neuropathy or other grade ?  AEs not constituting a safety risk based on investigator judgement are an exception to this criterion and can still be considered for the study.
Patients must have recovered from adverse events due to prior treatment to ? grade , except for alopecia and sensory neuropathy ? grade 
Patients must have recovered from adverse events attributable to previous treatment to =< grade , except for alopecia and sensory neuropathy =< grade 
Have resolution of all previous treatment-related toxicities to Grade  severity or lower, except for stable sensory neuropathy (less than or equal to Grade ) or alopecia. If subject received major surgery or radiation therapy of >  Gy, must have recovered from the toxicity and/or complications from the intervention.
Recovered from any previous therapy related toxicity to =< grade  or baseline at study entry (except for stable sensory neuropathy =< grade  and alopecia)
Subjects who are receiving any concurrent investigational or conventional agent with known or suspected activity against multiple myeloma, or those whose adverse events due to agents administered more than  weeks earlier have not recovered to a severity of grade  or grade ; subjects with chronic grade  toxicities may be eligible per discretion of the investigator and M. D. Anderson Cancer Center (MDACC) Investigational New Drug (IND) Office (eg, grade  chemotherapy-induced neuropathy)
Persistent grade >  clinically significant toxicities related to prior antineoplastic therapies (except for alopecia); stable sensory neuropathy ? grade  NCI-CTCAE v. . is allowed.
Patients who have not recovered from adverse events due to prior anti-cancer therapy (i.e., have residual toxicities > grade  excepting alopecia, peripheral sensory neuropathy, and stable endocrine insufficiencies such as thyroid and adrenal insufficiency)
Patients must have recovered to =< grade  adverse events or to =< grade  alopecia and sensory neuropathy due to prior treatment
The patient has not recovered from adverse events related to prior therapy to Grade ? (excluding Grade  alopecia and neuropathy)
Patients must have recovered from adverse events attributable to previous treatment to =< grade , except for alopecia and sensory neuropathy =< grade 
Adverse events except for sensory neuropathy from any previous treatments must be resolved or stabilized to Grade less than equal to (</=)  prior study start
Resolution of grade  and above toxicities of most recent therapy except for stable sensory neuropathy (=< grade ) and alopecia
Patients who have not recovered from adverse events to grade  severity or lower due to agents administered more than  weeks earlier than registration, are not eligible, except for stable sensory neuropathy (=< grade ) and alopecia
Recovery to ? Grade  or baseline of any toxicities, except for stable sensory neuropathy ? Grade  and alopecia
Resolution of all chemotherapy or radiation-related toxicities to grade  severity or lower except for alopecia
Have resolution of all previous treatment-related toxicities to Grade  severity or lower, except for stable sensory neuropathy (less than or equal to Grade ) or alopecia. If subject received major surgery or radiation therapy of >  Gy, must have recovered from the toxicity and/or complications from the intervention.
Patients must have recovered from adverse events attributable to previous treatment to =< grade , except for alopecia and sensory neuropathy =< grade 
Resolution of all chemotherapy-related or radiation-related toxicities to Grade  severity or lower, except for stable sensory neuropathy (<= Grade ) and alopecia.
Recovered from any previous therapy related toxicity to <= Grade  at study entry (except for stable sensory neuropathy <= Grade  and alopecia)
Chemotherapy-related or radiation-related toxicities that have not resolved to grade  severity or lower, except for stable sensory neuropathy (=< grade ) and alopecia
