Chemotherapy, targeted small molecule therapy, radiation therapy, hormonal treatment or immunotherapy within  days prior to initiation of treatment. A -week washout period will be required for those with prior PD- or PD-L treatment. Subjects must have resolution of toxic effect(s) of the most recent therapy to Grade  or less. Exceptions are subjects with ? Grade  alopecia or ? Grade  neuropathy who are permitted in the study. If the subject received major surgery or radiation therapy of > Gy, they must have recovered from the toxicity and/or any complications from the intervention.
Has resolution of toxic effect(s) of the most recent prior chemotherapy to Grade  or less (except alopecia). If the participant received major surgery or radiation therapy of > Gray units, they must have recovered from the toxicity and/or complications from the intervention
Subjects must have resolution of toxic effect(s) from prior therapy to Grade  or less. Subjects with ? Grade  neuropathy or alopecia are an exception to this criterion. If a subject received major surgery or radiation therapy of >  Gy, they must have recovered from the toxicity and/or complications from the intervention to Grade  or less
Patients must have resolution of toxic effect(s) of the most recent prior chemotherapy to grade  or less (except alopecia)
Experienced resolution of toxic effect(s) of the most recent prior anti-cancer therapy to Grade < (except alopecia or neuropathy).
Have resolution of toxic effect(s) of the most recent prior chemotherapy to Grade  or less (except alopecia). If the patient received major surgery or radiation therapy of > Gy, they must have recovered from the toxicity and/or complications from the intervention.
(For both cohorts A and B): Patients must have resolution of toxic effect(s) of the most recent prior chemotherapy to grade  or less (except alopecia)
Patients must have resolution of toxic effects to grade  or less from prior therapy (except alopecia)
Have resolution of toxic effect(s) of the most recent prior chemotherapy to grade  or less (except alopecia); if subject received major surgery or radiation therapy of >  Gy, they must have recovered from the toxicity and/or complications from the intervention
Resolution of grade >=  toxicity from prior therapy (other than alopecia)
Participant must have resolution to Grade  or lower of any toxic effects (excepting alopecia) of the most recent therapy prior to Cycle  Day .
Complete resolution of toxic effect(s) of the most recent prior chemotherapy to Grade  or less (except alopecia). If the subject received major surgery or radiation therapy of >  Gy, they must have recovered from the toxicity and/or complications from the intervention.
Resolution of any toxic effects (excepting alopecia) of the most recent therapy
Resolution of all toxicities and any toxic effect(s) of the most recent prior therapy to Grade  or less (except alopecia). Subjects with ? Grade  neuropathy are an exception and may enroll.
Resolution of toxic effect(s) of the most recent prior chemotherapy to Grade  or less (Parts A and B) and/or recovered from major surgery or radiation therapy
Resolution of (non-laboratory) adverse effects of recent surgery, radiotherapy, or chemotherapy to grade =<  prior to first study treatment (with the exception of alopecia or neuropathy)
Resolution of adverse effects of recent surgery, radiotherapy, or chemotherapy to grade =<  prior to first study treatment (with the exception of alopecia or neuropathy)
Experienced resolution of toxic effect(s) of the most recent prior anti-cancer therapy to Grade ? (except alopecia or neuropathy)
Resolution of non-hematologic toxic effect(s) of NAC to =< grade  or baseline (except alopecia)
Resolution to Grade ?  Adverse Events, of all clinically significant toxic effects of prior chemotherapy, surgery, radiotherapy, or hormonal therapy (except alopecia)
