Has active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in past  years (ie, with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids or immunosuppressive drugs).
Has an active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in the past  years (eg, with use of disease-modifying agents, anticoagulants, corticosteroids or immunosuppressive drugs).
Has an active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in past  years (i.e., with use of disease-modifying agents, corticosteroids, or immunosuppressive drugs)
History of autoimmune disease resulting in end organ injury or requiring systemic immunosuppression/systemic disease modifying agents within the last  years prior to enrollment
Has an active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in past  years (i.e., with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids, or immunosuppressive drugs). Replacement therapy is allowed.
Has active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in the past  years (i.e. with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids or immunosuppressive drugs)
Active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in past  years (i.e. with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids or immunosuppressive drugs).
History of autoimmune disease, requiring systemic immunosuppression and/or systemic disease modifying agents within the last  years
Has active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in past  years (i.e. with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids or immunosuppressive drugs).
Has an active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in past  years (i.e., with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids, or immunosuppressive drugs)
Has an active autoimmune disease requiring systemic treatment within the past  years (i.e., with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids or immunosuppressive drugs) or a documented history of clinically severe autoimmune disease, or a syndrome that requires systemic steroids or immunosuppressive agents
Has active autoimmune disease that required systemic treatment with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids or immunosuppressive drugs
Has active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in past  years (i.e., with use of disease-modifying agents, corticosteroids, or immunosuppressive drugs.
Significant autoimmune disease with the exception of alopecia, vitiligo, hypothyroidism or other conditions that have never been clinically active or were transient and have completely resolved and require no ongoing therapy. For patients enrolled in Part SA who have the potential to receive pembrolizumab, active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in the past  years (i.e., with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids or immunosuppressive drugs). Replacement therapy (e.g., thyroxine, insulin, etc.) is not considered a form of systemic treatment.
Active autoimmune disease that has required systemic therapy in the past  years with modifying agents, corticosteroids, or immunosuppressive agents
Has active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in past  years (i.e., with use of disease-modifying agents, corticosteroids, or immunosuppressive drugs)
Active autoimmune disease that has required systemic therapy in the past  years with modifying agents, corticosteroids, or immunosuppressive agents
Has an autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in the past  years with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids, or immunosuppressive drugs
Has an active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in past  years (i.e., with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids or immunosuppressive drugs).
Any active autoimmune disease requiring treatment (e.g. steroid, disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs, biologic agents, etc.)
Autoimmune disease resulting in end-organ injury or requiring systemic immunosuppression/systemic disease modifying agents within the last  years prior to enrollment
History or evidence of active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in the past  years (ie, with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids or immunosuppressive drugs).
Has an active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in the past  years (e.g., with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids, or immunosuppressive drugs).
Has active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in the past  years (i.e., with the use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids, or immunosuppressive drugs).
