Received systemic anticancer therapy or an investigational agent < weeks prior to Day  (washout from prior immune based anticancer therapy is  weeks). In addition, the first dose of study treatment should not occur before a period ? half-lives of the investigational agent has elapsed.
Receipt of systemic anticancer therapy, including investigational agents, within  times the agent's elimination half-life of starting study treatment
Prior anticancer systemic therapy
Radiotherapy -  weeks NOTE: Duration of any other anticancer therapies must be discussed with the Sponsor Study Physician
Ongoing treatment with an anticancer agent.
Subjects previously treated with investigational anticancer therapies less than  weeks prior to the first dose of Nivolumab
Systemic therapy (standard or an investigational or biological anticancer agent)
Treatment with anticancer/investigational drugs, therapy ?  weeks prior to first dose of SC-
Ongoing treatment with an anticancer agent not contemplated in this protocol.
Received systemic anticancer therapy within the previous  days
Exposure to any other investigational or commercial anticancer agents or therapies administered with the intention to treat malignancy within  days before the first dose of the IMP. Hormonal therapy may be administered up to  days prior to the first dose of the IMP.
Received prior anticancer therapy within  days of first dose
Patients with solid tumors: Have received anticancer therapies, including radiation therapy, cytotoxic agents, targeted agents or endocrine therapy within  weeks prior to dose assignment
Cytotoxic anticancer therapy (e.g., alkylating agents, anti-metabolites, purine analogues) or any other systemic anticancer therapy within  weeks of study entry.
The patient has received treatment with an investigational systemic anticancer agent within  days prior to CD.
Patients who received any of the following within the  days before initiating study treatment: major surgery, radiation therapy, and/or systemic therapy (standard or an investigational or biological anticancer agent).
Treatment with any anticancer therapy
Received any other investigational therapeutic agents or other anticancer therapies within  weeks prior to randomization
Patients who received any systemic anticancer therapy within  weeks before randomization.
STRATUM A: Participants must have received their last dose of anticancer therapy (including experimental) at least  weeks prior to study enrollment
STRATUM B: Participants must have received their last dose of anticancer therapy (including experimental) at least  weeks prior to study enrollment
STRATUM C: Participants must have received their last dose of anticancer therapy (including experimental) at least  weeks prior to study enrollment
Immunotherapy and/or investigational anticancer therapy with agents including mAbs : ? weeks
Last dose of anticancer therapy must have been administered within  months of the date of randomization into this study.
Last dose of anticancer therapy (including HER-targeted therapy) within  days prior to randomization.
Have received no prior lines of systemic therapy and are suitable to receive doxorubicin, ifosfamide and mesna. All previous anticancer treatments must have completed ? weeks ( days) prior to the first dose of study treatment.
The subject has a diagnosis of another malignancy within  years before the first dose of study treatment, except for superficial skin cancer, localized prostate cancer on active surveillance, or localized solid tumors deemed cured by surgery and not treated with systemic anticancer therapy and not expected to require anticancer therapy in the next  years i.e., while the subject may be taking study treatment
Receipt of systemic anticancer therapy, including investigational agents, within  days prior to study treatment (Note: If anticancer therapy was given within  days prior to starting study treatment, patients are not excluded if ?  times the elimination half-life of the drug has elapsed.)
Any prior anticancer therapy for this diagnosis
Have received or are receiving an investigational medicinal product (IMP) or other systemic anticancer treatment within  weeks prior to the first dose of study treatment
MCL requiring treatment and for which no prior systemic anticancer therapies have been received.
Use of other systemic anticancer treatments or agents within the past  weeks ( weeks if the therapy was a monoclonal antibody)
Any anticancer therapy or investigational agent within prior  weeks.
Any investigational anticancer therapy received within  days prior to the first dose of durvalumab and tremelimumab
Concomitant therapy with any other anticancer therapy or chronic use of systemic corticosteroids.
Anticancer therapy within  weeks prior to initiating study treatment
Completion of prior chemotherapy systemic anticancer therapy at least  weeks prior to study entry
Any prior anticancer therapy
No previous anticancer therapy (radiation therapy or chemotherapy) other than use of corticosteroids
No previous anticancer therapy (radiation therapy or chemotherapy) other than the use of corticosteroids
Receipt of a large molecule anticancer agent (e.g., antibody), including an investigational anticancer antibody, within  days of starting study treatment
Anticancer therapy, monoclonal antibody or major surgery within  weeks prior to the first dose of MEDI\r\n* Concurrent use of hormones for non-cancer-related conditions (e.g., insulin for diabetes and hormone replacement therapy) is acceptable
Use of investigational agents within  days or any anticancer therapy within  weeks prior to entering this study with the exception of hydroxyurea; the patient must have recovered from all acute toxicities from any previous therapy
Received systemic anticancer therapy (including cytotoxic chemotherapy, investigational agent, antineoplastic monoclonal antibodies, or immunotherapy) ? days prior to first dose of AP (except for reversible EGFR TKIs [ie, erlotinib or gefitinib], which are allowed up to  days prior to the first dose of AP).
Requirement for other forms of anticancer treatment while on trial, including maintenance therapy, other radiation therapy, and/or surgery.
Any systemic anticancer therapy within  weeks of the first dose of study treatment. For cytotoxic agents that have major delayed toxicity, e.g. mitomycin C and nitrosoureas, or anticancer immunotherapies, a washout period of  weeks is required. For patients in Cohort , this does not apply to the most recently received hormone therapy.
Received prior systemic anticancer treatment (chemotherapy, targeted therapies including kinase inhibitors, antibodies, etc) less than  half-lives before the first dose of study drug or radiotherapy within  days; toxicity of the anticancer treatment must have recovered to grade  or less.
Need for other anticancer treatment
Has received prior anticancer therapy including investigational agents within  weeks prior to randomization
Anticancer therapy within  days of first GT dose or within  days for antibody-based therapy
Anticancer treatment (chemotherapy, IMiD, PI, molecular targeted therapy) <  weeks prior to study Day 
Treatment with prior chemotherapy, monoclonal antibodies, other protein or peptide therapeutics or anticancer immunotherapy within  days of the first dose of study drug
Use of investigational agents within  days or any anticancer therapy for this malignancy within  weeks before study entry with the exception of intrathecal (IT) therapy, hydroxyurea, or low-dose cytarabine as stated above; the patient must have recovered from all acute toxicities from any previous therapy
Any non-investigational anticancer therapy within prior  weeks
The subject has a diagnosis of another malignancy within  years before the first dose of study treatment, except for superficial skin cancer or localized solid tumors deemed cured by surgery and not treated with systemic anticancer therapy and not expected to require anticancer therapy in the next  years i.e., while the subject may be taking study treatment. However, subjects with low-risk prostate cancer, e.g.:
Subjects who received systemic anticancer therapy or radiotherapy < days prior to their first day of study drug administration. (Hydroxyurea is allowed prior to enrollment and after the start of AG-).
Radiation or anti-hormonal therapy or other targeted anticancer therapy within  days before randomization
A minimum of  week since the last dose of prior therapy (a minimum of  weeks since anticancer immune therapy or bevacizumab +/- interferon).
Patients who received systemic anticancer therapy or radiotherapy < days prior to their first day of study drug administration
Receipt of systemic anticancer therapy, including investigational agents, within  days of starting study treatment. If anticancer therapy was given within  days of starting study treatment, patients may be included if  times the elimination half-life of the drug has passed. a biologic anticancer agent (e.g., antibody), including an investigational anticancer antibody, within  days of starting study treatment
Completion of all prior anticancer therapy before first ACP- dose.
Received any anticancer medication or therapy in the  days prior to study Day 
Has had certain other recent treatment e.g. major surgery, anticancer therapy, extended field radiation, received investigational agent within the specified time frames prior to study drug administration.
Systemic treatment with anticancer therapy within  weeks before study drug treatment
not discontinued CD-targeted therapy, chemotherapy, radiotherapy, investigational anticancer therapy or other lymphoma specific therapy
Use of investigational agents within  weeks or any anticancer therapy within  weeks before study entry; the patient must have recovered from all acute toxicities from any previous therapy
Participants who have received any anticancer treatment within  weeks or any investigational agent within  days before the first dose of study drug or who have not recovered from any acute toxicity greater than Grade  or  related to previous anticancer treatment.
Prior anticancer or investigational drug treatment within the following windows:
Any ongoing acute clinically significant toxic effect of prior anticancer therapy or any persisting complication of prior surgery.
Has had certain other recent treatment e.g. major surgery, anticancer therapy, extended field radiation, received investigational agent, within the specified time frames prior to study drug administration.
The patient has received treatment with an investigational systemic anticancer agent within  days prior to study therapy administration.
Treatment with any systemic anticancer treatment or an investigational agent within  weeks and any radiation within  weeks of registration
The participant may have had any number of prior systemic cytotoxic therapies for advanced/metastatic disease and are considered appropriate candidates for anthracycline therapy. All previous anticancer treatments must be completed ?  weeks ( days) prior to first dose of study drug.
Patients receiving any concurrent anticancer therapy or investigational agents with the intention of treating esophagogastric cancer; last prior therapy must have been completed at least  weeks ( days) prior to starting nintedanib
Received systemic anticancer therapy or radiation therapy within the previous  days
Concurrent anticancer therapy or any cytotoxic therapy within  month prior to Day . Corticosteroid therapy is not allowed except on dosing days;
Subjects who received systemic anticancer therapy or radiotherapy < days prior to their first day of study drug administration.
Prior mifepristone use for anticancer therapy is not allowed
Systemic chemotherapy with approved or investigational anticancer therapeutics, including steroid therapy intended to treat underlying malignancy, within  weeks before the first dose or  weeks for antibody therapy
Radiotherapy or systemic therapy (standard or an investigational or biologic anticancer agent) within  days of initiation of study drug treatment
Subjects who have received any anticancer therapy (including surgery, locoregional, biological, immunotherapy, hormonal, or radiotherapy) within  days before the first dose of study drug ( days for investigational therapies).
Any anticancer therapy within  weeks before study entry; this exclusion does not apply to corticosteroid therapy; the patient must have recovered from all acute toxicities from any previous therapy
Must have received at least one prior systemic anticancer therapy for NSCLC
Patients must have the following minimum wash-out from previous treatments: a) >=  weeks for local radiation therapy, systemic cytotoxic anticancer therapy, treatment with other anticancer investigational agents; b) >  weeks for oral methotrexate, retinoids or biological response modifiers therapy for any indication, or topical prescription or topical therapy; c) >=  weeks for any immunotherapy (e.g., monoclonal antibody); patients with rapidly progressive disease may be treated earlier than the required washout period; patients should have recovered from prior treatment-related toxicities
No expectation of further effects of prior anticancer therapy
Any type of systemic anticancer therapy (chemotherapy or experimental drugs) within  weeks of starting treatment on protocol
Use of investigational agents within  days or any anticancer therapy for this malignancy within  weeks before study entry with the exception of IT therapy, hydroxyurea, or low-dose cytarabine as stated above; the patient must have recovered from all acute toxicities from any previous therapy
Anticancer chemotherapy or immunotherapy: Anticancer therapy is defined as any agent or combination of agents with clinically proven anticancer activity administered by any route with the purpose of affecting the cancer, either directly or indirectly, including palliative and therapeutic endpoints
Systemic anticancer therapy or major surgery within  days prior to registration. In absence of toxicity from prior systemic anticancer therapy,  half-lives since completion of prior systemic anticancer therapy is allowed.
Treatment with other systemic anticancer therapy within  weeks prior to the first dose of study medication
have undergone anticancer therapy including chemotherapy (except for hydroxycarbamide at a maximum daily dose of  mg), endocrine therapy, immunotherapy, or the use of other investigational agents within  weeks before study entry.
Have had systemic anticancer therapy including cytotoxic therapy, signal transduction inhibitors, immunotherapy, and/or hormonal therapy within  weeks prior to initiation of study treatment.
Previously treated with  to  lines of systemic anticancer therapy (cytotoxic or targeted anticancer agents) in the metastatic setting. Hormonal therapy and bone metastases treatment (example, bisphosphonates, denosumab, etc) are not considered forms of systemic anticancer therapy.
Recent therapy with any active anticancer agent within  weeks of the st dose of the study drugs
Systemic anticancer therapy within  weeks of study entry, except for subjects with anaplastic/undifferentiated thyroid cancer who may be enrolled immediately after discontinuation of previous therapy
Received systemic anticancer therapy or radiotherapy < days prior to their first day of study drug administration
Has received treatment with any systemic anticancer therapy, wide-field radiation, or experimental agent within  weeks of receiving cyclophosphamide on Day -, with the exception of anticancer hormonal therapy, which may not be given within  weeks of receiving cyclophosphamide on Day -. All residual toxicity related to prior anticancer therapies (excluding vitiligo, endocrinopathies on stable replacement therapy, alopecia and Grade  fatigue) must resolve to Grade  severity or less or return to baseline prior to receipt of study treatment.
Patient has received chemotherapy or anticancer therapy ?  weeks prior to starting study drug
Any chemotherapy, anticancer antibodies, or other systemic anticancer therapy within  days of the first dose of study drug
Systemic anticancer therapy within  days
Patients must have completed any prior anticancer treatment and must have recovered from any acute toxicities. The period between the last dose of prior treatment and the first dose of study drug treatment must be at least  week for radiotherapy and at least  to  weeks for all other modalities of therapy including chemotherapy, monoclonal antibody therapy, immunotherapy, other investigational drugs, or other kinase inhibitors.
Has had certain other recent treatment e.g. major surgery, extended field radiation, anticancer therapy, received investigational agent, within the specified time frames prior to study drug administration
Any therapy that is potentially immunosuppressive or has anticancer activity in the  weeks prior to device microinjection
Anticancer treatment within  weeks of randomization, with the following exceptions:
Chemotherapy with approved or investigative anticancer therapeutics including steroid therapy within the three weeks prior to first dose (unless enrolling on this study after progression Cancer Molecular Analysis Project [CMAP] compassionate use carfilzomib protocol, in which case subject may proceed with current study treatment on next expected date of treatment)
Anticipated ongoing concomitant anticancer therapy during the study.
Have received chemotherapy, radiation therapy or other anticancer treatment other than crizotinib within  weeks prior to the first dose of study drug
Anticancer chemotherapy, experimental cancer therapy, or cancer immunotherapy within  weeks prior to first dose study drug. Anticancer therapy is defined as any agent or combination of agents with clinically proven anti tumor activity administered by any route with the purpose of affecting the malignancy, either directly or indirectly, including palliative and therapeutic endpoints.
Need for concomitant anticancer therapy (surgery, radiation therapy, chemotherapy, immunotherapy, radiofrequency ablation) or other investigational agents during the study treatment period.
Treatment with any anticancer therapy (standard or investigational) within  days prior to Cycle , Day  or ongoing adverse events from previous treatment
Participated in a prior anticancer investigational study =<  days prior to enrollment, or =<  half-lives of the anticancer investigational product, whichever is longer (treatment with somatostatin analogue [SSTa] while on dovitinib is allowed provided patients tumor has progressed on therapy prior to initiating dovitinib treatment)
Systemic anticancer treatments (including chemotherapy and biologics) less than  weeks prior to T cell therapy; locally directed therapy (e.g. radiation)  weeks prior to cell infusion
Treatment with high-dose corticosteroids for anticancer purposes within  days before the first dose of TAK-.
Prior anticancer chemotherapy or targeted therapy for advanced nccRCC
Toxicity from previous anticancer treatment.
Participant has received anticancer therapy or any investigational therapy within a period of  days prior to the first dose of ABBV-.
Anticancer treatment, including endocrine therapy, radiotherapy, chemotherapy, biologic therapy, or therapy in an investigational clinical study, ?  days prior to the date of Randomization
Patients who have declined further anticancer therapy will be excluded
Use of other anticancer therapy within  days before the first dose of M administration and should not be within the \at risk follow-up period\ for that specific anticancer therapy. The use of any investigational agent is not allowed within  days before the first dose of M
On any new anticancer therapy (GnRH analog allowed) while on the study
Treatment with anticancer chemotherapy or biologic therapy or with an experimental anticancer agent within  days of the initial dose of study drug.
Systemic anticancer treatment (including investigational agents) or radiotherapy less than  weeks before the first dose of study treatment (<= weeks for large molecule agents; <= weeks for cell-based therapy or anti-tumor vaccine), or not recovered from the reversible effects of prior anticancer therapy.
Participants who have received any anticancer treatment within  days or any investigational agent within  days (or  half-lives) prior to the first dose of study drug and should have recovered from any toxicity related to previous anticancer treatment. This does not apply to the use of TSH suppressive thyroid hormone therapy.
Receipt of systemic anticancer therapy, including investigational agents, within  days of starting study treatment. If anticancer therapy was given within  days of starting study treatment, patients may be included if  times the elimination half-life of the drug has passed
