If liver cirrhosis is present, patient must have a Child-Pugh A or B ( points) classification.
Child-Pugh score B or C (for cirrhosis patients only)
Cirrhosis with Child-Pugh score > 
Ongoing chronic alcohol consumption or cirrhosis with Child-Pugh score B or C. Known Gilbert disease.
Cirrhosis of the liver, Child-Pugh Stage B or C, or history of liver transplant,
Subjects with child Pugh B or C cirrhosis; patients with child Pugh A cirrhosis will be excluded from the dose escalation portion of the trial but can be included in the dose expansion portion of the trial with one dose reduction from the established dose
Patients with cirrhosis and severe synthetic liver dysfunction (Child Pugh B-C)
Child Pugh class A (score =  or ) cirrhosis (assessed within  days of SBRT)
Liver cirrhosis or chronic liver disease Child-Pugh B or C
Underlying hepatic cirrhosis with Child-Pugh class B or C
If liver cirrhosis is present, patient must have a Child-Pugh A/B classification
Total bilirubin; if cirrhosis present: part of Child Pugh requirement; if no cirrhosis: bilirubin should be =<  x upper limit of normal (ULN)
Serum albumin; if cirrhosis present: part of Child Pugh requirement; if no cirrhosis: albumin should be >= . g/dl
Patients with a Child-Pugh score less than  or greater than  for radiation naive patients with cirrhosis (cohort )
Child-Pugh score of greater than  for patients with cirrhosis who previously received liver directed radiation (EBRT or Y RE) (cohort )
No evidence of cirrhosis or cirrhosis grade of Child-Pugh class A or B
Cirrhosis classified as Child-Pugh Class B (Appendix C).
Child-Pugh Class A or C cirrhosis, or hepatic encephalopathy.
Patients with Child-Pugh Class B or C cirrhosis or with evidence of portal hypertension by history, endoscopy, or radiologic studies.
Cirrhosis of any Child Pugh class
Patient with a Child-Pugh score B or C (for cirrhosis patients only)
Child-pugh B or C cirrhosis.
cirrhosis at a level of Child-Pugh B (or worse)
Cirrhosis with Child-Pugh score of B or C
Have a history of or have current hepatic encephalopathy of any grade, or ascites of Grade >, or cirrhosis with Child-Pugh Stage B or higher.
cirrhosis at a level of Child-Pugh B (or worse) or
Patients with Child Pugh class B or C hepatic cirrhosis
Liver cirrhosis ? Child-Pugh class B with uncontrolled ascites
If liver cirrhosis is present, patient must have a Child-Pugh A/B classification
Total bilirubin\r\n* If cirrhosis present: part of Child Pugh requirement\r\n* If no cirrhosis: bilirubin (bili) should be =<  x upper limit of normal (ULN)
Serum albumin\r\n* If cirrhosis present: part of Child Pugh requirement\r\n* If no cirrhosis: albumin should be >= . g/dl
Non-cirrhotic or no more than Child-Pugh A cirrhosis
No cirrhosis or Child-Pugh A (Child-Turcotte-Pugh [CTP] score < ) cirrhosis
Child-Pugh B or C cirrhosis (CTP score >= )
If cirrhosis, Child-Pugh classification A or B
Patients with cirrhosis classed as Child-Pugh B or C.
Have liver cirrhosis with a Child-Pugh Stage of B or C.
Patients with chronic hepatitis and/or cirrhosis are eligible, but must be Child-Pugh class A
If liver cirrhosis is present, patient must have a Child-Pugh A or B ( points) classification
Have received a liver transplant, or have liver cirrhosis with a Child-Pugh Stage of B or C.
Have hepatocellular cancer, liver cirrhosis with a Child-Pugh stage of B or higher, or have received a liver transplant
cirrhosis at a level of Child-Pugh B (or worse) or
History of cirrhosis of the liver based on the Child-Pugh score of Class B or C are not eligible to participate. (Appendix B.)
Severe liver disease (known cirrhosis Childs Pugh class B or C), or active hepatitis
Severe liver disease (known cirrhosis Childs Pugh class B or C), or active hepatitis
Individuals with a clinical diagnosis fibrosis or cirrhosis of the liver (no more than Child-Pugh classification A; Child-Pugh-Turcotte score of  or less) who have:\r\n* An indication for surgical liver resection, OR\r\n* A clinical liver biopsy (with research tissue specimens available for analysis) =<  months prior to pre-registration
Childs-Pugh Class C cirrhosis
Known cirrhosis diagnosed with Child Pugh class A or higher liver disease
Child Pugh C cirrhosis or other significant comorbid conditions
