Patients must have recovered to =< grade  following a significant adverse event or toxicity attributed to previous anti-cancer treatment except neurotoxicity which must be =< grade 
CNS toxicity =< grade 
Resolution of toxicity from prior anti-cancer therapy, to NCI CTCAE v. Grade  or , except for alopecia. Subjects may be enrolled if their toxicity is determined to be irreversible and will not put them at undue risk from study treatment, based on the Investigator's assessment.
CNS toxicity =< grade 
Grade > gastrointestinal toxicity that cannot be managed with supportive care measures.
Subject has any Grade ?  persistent non-hematological toxicity related to allotransplant
Presence of ? CTCAE Grade  toxicity due to prior cancer therapy.
Failure to recover from any immune-related toxicity from prior cancer therapy to ? Grade .
Failure to recover from any other toxicity (other than immune-related toxicity) related to previous anticancer treatment to ? Grade .
CTCAE Version , Grade  non-hematological toxicity (except for alopecia, nausea, vomiting).
Subjects with known persistent (>  weeks) >= grade  toxicity from prior cancer therapy
Subjects with known >= grade  hematological toxicity with the last chemotherapy regimen
Grade  or higher toxicity effects from previous treatment with immunotherapy
Patients with history of any grade  toxicity during previous anti PD- treatment or history of grade  or higher pneumonitis
Must have discontinued radiotherapy at least  days with resolution of any toxicity to Grade  or better prior to the start of treatment.
Patients with a prior history of pulmonary toxicity due to medications (Ex: history of carmustine [BCNU] toxicity).
Previous exposure to gemcitabine will only be allowed if there is no residual toxicity from previous treatments. Toxicity must be graded as  or  prior to study
Neuropathy as residual toxicity after prior antitumor therapy Grade >
Patients who experienced grade  or above skin toxicity from prior EGFR inhibiting therapy
Patients who have experienced grade  or above toxicity from prior anti-PD therapy
Residual or ongoing ? Grade  toxicity from chemotherapy
Recovered from any prior treatment related toxicity to at least Grade  with exception of Grade  alopecia or other Grade  toxicity with prior approval of the Medical Monitor
Subjects with history of grade  toxicity or use of infliximab with prior immunotherapy
Presence of grade  or greater toxicity from the previous treatment.
Ongoing clinically significant toxicity (Grade  or greater) associated with prior treatment (including radiotherapy or surgery).
Unresolved toxicity from previous anticancer treatments, including investigational products (subjects must have recovered all unacceptable toxicity to ? Grade  Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events [CTCAE] toxicity). This does not extend to symptoms or findings that are attributable to the underlying disease
Hydroxyurea may be used to control leukocytosis, provided that it is without grade >  toxicity, and can be taken until start of therapy
Ongoing acute treatment-related toxicity associated with a previous therapy greater than grade  except for grade  alopecia or neuropathy.
To be eligible for study treatment, toxicity from prior treatment must recover to Grade ? , except for alopecia
To be eligible for study treatment, radiation therapy-related toxicity must recover to Grade ?  prior to administration of the first dose of ARQ .
Has experienced grade  toxicity on treatment with prior radiation
PRIOR TO LYMPHODEPLETION: For grade  neutropenia, ? grade  febrile neutropenia, or grade  thrombocytopenia, hold bendamustine until toxicity resolve to ? grade 
Toxicity from a previous anti-tumor treatment that does not return to Grade  or  (except for alopecia);
To be eligible for study treatment, toxicity from prior treatment must recover to Grade ? , except for alopecia
Patients who have residual toxicity(-ities) from previous anti-cancer treatment(s) that is/are clinically significant or > grade  are excluded; those whose toxicity(-ities) improved to grade  or better will be eligible
Any clinically significant toxicity from prior therapy must have improved to grade  or grade 
Skin toxicity no greater than grade 
Prior grade  toxicity attributed to cytarabine
Existing severe major organ dysfunction, i.e., renal, cardiac, hepatic, neurologic, pulmonary, or gastrointestinal toxicity >= grade , except for grade  hematologic toxicity
Recovered from toxicity of previous chemotherapy (excludes grade  neurotoxicity and hematological toxicity)
Any previous history of >= grade  toxicity to dasatinib
If the patient has residual toxicity from prior treatment, toxicity must be =< grade 
Severe major organ toxicity: specifically, renal, cardiac, hepatic, pulmonary, gastrointestinal and neurologic toxicity should all be grade  or less; a grade  hearing deficit is acceptable
Subjects experiencing toxicity with ibrutinib
Subjects experiencing toxicity with ibrutinib
Severe immune-related toxicity related to checkpoint inhibitors defined as any Grade  toxicity or Grade  toxicity
Severe immune-related toxicity related to checkpoint inhibitors defined as any Grade  toxicity or Grade  toxicity
Presence of any CTCAE grade  or greater toxicity
Patients will be ineligible if they have a baseline neurologic toxicity of grade  or greater
Any Grade ?  persistent non-hematological toxicity related to allotransplant
Resolution of all chemotherapy related grade III-IV toxicity
Skin toxicity =< grade 
Grade  or greater toxicity from prior therapy
Patients who have a CNS toxicity > grade  are not eligible
Subjects who experienced grade  or  toxicity regardless of causality to the cell infusion must have had a reduction to a grade  or less or returned to baseline levels
Omission of cytotoxic chemotherapy or other systemic therapy of the malignancy for >=  weeks prior to entry into the trial; patients must be >=  weeks since major surgery, radiotherapy, or biotherapy/targeted therapies and recovered from the toxicity of prior treatment to =< Common Toxicity Criteria (CTC) grade , exclusive of grade  alopecia, fatigue, lymphopenia, CD+ circulating T cells, white blood count (WBC) or bilirubin
History of significant intolerance to capecitabine or fluorouracil (FU) (ie. grade  toxicity related to one of these agents; grade - toxicity related to other concurrently administered agents is not an exclusion)
Grade  colitis, hepatitis, pneumonitis uveitis, myocarditis, myositis, CNS toxicity or autoimmune related neuromuscular toxicity such as myasthenia gravis associated with the administration of an immune checkpoint inhibitor
Minimal or no ongoing toxicity from immediately prior therapy according to specific appropriate criteria. Mild ongoing toxicity is allowed in case of alopecia, skin toxicity, fatigue and/or finger numbness or tumbling.
No neurosensory or neuromotor toxicity >= grade  at the time of registration
Grade  or  toxicity related to prior VEGFR TKI that did not resolve to grade 
Uncontrolled grade  or greater toxicity except alopecia
Presence of grade  or greater toxicity from the previous treatment
known and persistent (> weeks) >/= grade  toxicity or fatigue from prior cancer treatment.
Toxicity of ? Grade  from prior anticancer therapy
Grade ?  toxicity (other than alopecia).
Patients with > grade  neurologic toxicity at the time of treatment
Patients will be ineligible if they have a baseline neurologic toxicity of grade  or greater
Any systemic therapy associated toxicity should be grade  or less
Recovered from toxicity of previous chemotherapy (excludes grade  neurotoxicity and hematological toxicity)
Residual toxicity resulting from previous therapy (for example, hematologic, cardiovascular, or neurologic toxicity that is Grade >/=). Alopecia is permitted
Any previous history of >= grade  toxicity to Dasatinib
Any history of previous >= grade  toxicity attributable to erlotinib (except dermatological toxicity)
History of persistent Grade  or higher hematological toxicity according to National Cancer Institute-Common Toxicity Criteria Version .
Patients must not have a history of grade >=  neurological toxicity with previous treatment, or persistent grade >=  peripheral neuropathy; drowsiness and lethargy were exempted from this criteria unless previously persistent for more than one week
PRIOR TO MOBILIZATION THERAPY: Resolution of grade III-IV toxicity associated with pre-transplant therapy
PRIOR TO HIGH-DOSE CHEMOTHERAPY: Patients without evidence of ongoing grade III-IV toxicity related to mobilization therapy
Discontinuation of ibrutinib treatment at an earlier time due to toxicity
Participant with ? Grade  (CTCAE v .-JCOG) persistent symptoms and objective findings due to the toxicity attributable to prior treatment with antitumor effect (except alopecia).
Treatment related residual toxicity > grade 
Unresolved toxicity >= Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade  from previous anti-cancer therapy except alopecia or long-term radiation toxicity (radiation related toxicity  months or greater after radiation exposure)
Patients with chronic grade  or  toxicity may be eligible at the discretion of the principal investigator if the condition has been stable, and not worsening, for at least  days; patients with ongoing alopecia of any grade will be eligible
Have unresolved toxicity from previous treatment or previous investigational agents; excluding alopecia; clinical judgment by the investigator is allowed to determine if grade  fatigue at screening is residual toxicity from prior treatment or is a symptom of the patients general condition or disease; the investigator and medical monitor will discuss the eligibility of patients with baseline toxicity
Prior clinically significant grade - non-hematological toxicity to high dose Ara-C or grade ?  of neurological toxicity.
Patients who have had chemotherapy or radiotherapy within  weeks ( weeks for nitrosoureas or mitomycin C) prior to entering the study; if the patient has residual toxicity from prior treatment, toxicity must be =< grade  (or =< grade  for peripheral neuropathy and/or alopecia)
Residual toxicity of > grade  from prior therapy
Must not be experiencing a Grade  or  toxicity from previous anti-cancer treatment
Patient has received other chemotherapeutic, hormonal, or investigational anti cancer agents that are outside of the timeframe described above and thus would be allowed in the study, but has toxicity that is unresolved (i.e., toxicity has resolved to Grade ?  or is deemed irreversible)
Reduction of any acute toxicity from radiation treatment to grade 
Have unresolved toxicity from prior radiation, chemotherapy, or other targeted treatment, including investigational treatment, with the exception of alopecia and ?Grade  peripheral neuropathy according to the NCI CTCAE v.. Clinical judgment by the investigator is allowed to determine if Grade  fatigue at screening is residual toxicity from prior treatment or is a symptom of the patient's general condition or disease. The investigator and Medical Monitor will discuss the eligibility of patients with baseline toxicity.
No grade  or  gastrointestinal (GI) toxicity at time of initial screening
PHASE I: Cardiac, pulmonary, gastrointestinal and neurologic toxicity should all be =< grade 
Major organ toxicity including cardiac, pulmonary, gastrointestinal and neurologic toxicity more than grade 
Resolution of treatment-related toxicity to < grade ; alopecia and cutaneous toxicity are allowed < grade 
grade  to  nonhematologic toxicity that does not resolve with adequate intervention
any grade  or greater toxicity that is unacceptable to the patient
Failure to recover from Grade  or  toxicity from previous treatment
Failure to recover from Grade  or  toxicity from previous treatment (unrelated to malignant bone marrow involvement)
