Patients with known hepatic cirrhosis or severe pre-existing hepatic impairment are not eligible
Severe or moderate hepatic impairment
Known Childs class B or C hepatic cirrhosis or severe pre-existing hepatic impairment
Contraindication to hepatic arteriography (e.g. hepatic artery dissection and/or thrombosis, uncorrectable coagulopathy, severe allergy to iodinated contrast, severe vascular disease precluding safe hepatic artery catheterization)
Active or severe hepatic or renal disease.
Known hepatic cirrhosis or severe pre-existing hepatic impairment
Known hepatic cirrhosis or severe pre-existing hepatic impairment
Has known hepatic cirrhosis or severe preexisting hepatic impairment.
Liver cirrhosis or severe hepatic impairment with function test  times above ULN.
Patients with known moderate or severe hepatic impairment, active hepatitis A, B, and/or C infection, due to the difficulty that would be faced in assessing the attribution of any events of hepatic toxicity while on cabozantinib therapy
Known hepatic cirrhosis or severe pre-existing hepatic impairment
Hepatic cirrhosis or a Child-Pugh score of C (severe hepatic impairment) at the time of randomization.
Clinical evidence of severe hepatic impairment
Known hepatic cirrhosis or severe pre-existing hepatic impairment
Moderate to severe hepatic impairment.
Known hepatic cirrhosis or severe pre-existing hepatic impairment
Hepatic impairment as judged by clinical investigator or bilirubin > 
Known hepatic cirrhosis or severe pre existing hepatic impairment.
Moderate or severe hepatic impairment
Moderate hepatic impairment with total bilirubin greater than . to less than or equal to .  ULN
Known hepatic cirrhosis or severe pre-existing hepatic impairment
Subjects with severe hepatic impairment\r\n* Bilirubin >  x ULN, regardless of any level of ALT
Severe hepatic impairment.
Moderate to severe hepatic impairment
Known active hepatic disease
Participants with moderate hepatic impairment: total bilirubin must be > . to  x ULN with any ALT level.
Participants with severe hepatic impairment: total bilirubin must be >  x ULN with any ALT level.
Known hepatic cirrhosis or severe pre-existing hepatic impairment
Severe hepatic impairment
Patients with severe hepatic impairment
Patient has a history of severe renal or hepatic impairment, severe bone marrow suppression, or systemic infection
Has severe hepatic insufficiency within  days before randomization
Clinical diagnosis of chronic hepatic impairment that is stable with no acute worsening of liver failure within one month prior to enrollment. Hepatic impairment will be assessed as per National Cancer Institute Organ Dysfunction Working Group Criteria (NCI-ODWG) schema and will fall into one of the following three categories:
