Histological or cytological evidence of confirmed metastatic pancreatic or advanced bladder cancer
Subject must have histological or cytological evidence of a solid malignancy
For dose escalation for all combinations: The participant must have histological or cytological evidence of cancer, either a solid tumor or a lymphoma, which is advanced or metastatic.
Patients must have histological or cytological evidence of a solid neoplasm
Histological or cytological diagnosis of advanced/metastatic solid tumor malignancy; or relapsed or refractory Non-Hodgkin lymphoma for whom no standard therapy is available..
Advanced stage solid tumors as documented by histological or cytological evidence, with no available approved therapies known to cure metastatic disease or extend survival, and who have received all standard therapy.
The participant must have histological or cytological evidence of a diagnosis of solid tumor, excluding lymphomas and melanoma, but including central nervous system (CNS) tumors, that is relapsed or refractory, not be amenable to curative treatment.
Participant must have histological or cytological evidence of a diagnosis of cancer that is advanced and/or metastatic.
Histological or cytological confirmation of a malignancy that is advanced (metastatic and/or unresectable) with measureable disease as defined by Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors (RECIST) v.
The participant must have histological or cytological evidence of cancer.
Histological or cytological evidence of solid malignancy.
For Dose Escalation (Part A): The participant must have histological or cytological evidence of cancer, either a solid tumor or a lymphoma, which is advanced or metastatic.
For Dose Escalation (Part A): The participant must have histological or cytological evidence of cancer, either a solid tumor or a lymphoma, which is advanced and/or metastatic
For Dose Expansion (Parts B, C, D, E, F and G): The participant must have histological or cytological evidence of one of the following cancers:
Histological or cytological evidence of malignancy.
For Part A, the subject has histological or cytological evidence of a solid tumor; for Part B, the subject has histological or cytological evidence of  of the following solid tumor types: melanoma, renal cell carcinoma, or ovarian cancer
Participants must have histological or cytological confirmed diagnosis of the following tumor types that is advanced and/or metastatic cancer and must be, in the judgment of the investigator, an appropriate participant for experimental therapy
Part A: Have histological or cytological evidence of cancer (solid tumor, lymphoma, or multiple myeloma) that is advanced and/or metastatic and an appropriate candidate for experimental therapy
Part B: Candidate for experimental therapy after standard therapies used or non-eligible for standard therapies. Histological or cytological evidence of  of the  tumor types:
Have histological or cytological evidence of a diagnosis of cancer that is advanced and/or metastatic. The patient must be, in the judgment of the investigator, an appropriate candidate for experimental therapy.
Histological or cytological documentation of non-hematologic, malignant solid tumor, excluding primary brain or spinal tumors, or history of central nervous system metastases
Have histological or cytological evidence of a diagnosis of cancer that is advanced and/or metastatic
Histological or cytological documentation of an advanced solid tumor
