Has received prior radiotherapy within  weeks of start of study treatment.
Patients cannot have received radiotherapy to lung fields within  months of study treatment start.
Patients with major surgery or radiotherapy within  weeks prior to the start of the study treatment (i.e. D of cycle ); however, prior surgery or radiation therapy aimed at local palliation or attempted local disease control (except in case of thoracic radiotherapy) is permitted but has to be completed one week before treatment start
Radiotherapy to multiple sites or immunotherapy within  weeks before start of protocol treatment (localized radiotherapy to a single site at least  week before start is permissible)
Has received prior radiotherapy within  weeks of start of trial treatment.
Has received prior radiotherapy within  weeks of start of study therapy
Has received prior radiotherapy within  weeks of start of study treatment.
Prior radiation therapy within  days prior to the start of study treatment with the exception of palliative radiotherapy to bone lesions, which is allowed if completed  weeks prior to study treatment start
Prior radiotherapy within  weeks of start of study treatment
Radiotherapy within the last  weeks before start of study drug treatment with the exception of limited field palliative radiotherapy for bone pain relief
Interval between the hysterectomy and planned start of radiotherapy exceeding  weeks
Has received external radiotherapy within the last  weeks prior to start of study treatment
Subject has received radiotherapy for locally advanced unresectable or metastatic gastric or GEJ adenocarcinoma unless the radiotherapy was completed within days prior to start of study treatment. Subject who received palliative radiotherapy to peripheral bone metastases ? days prior to start of study treatment and has recovered from all acute toxicities is allowed.
Radiotherapy during study or within  weeks of start of study drug. [Palliative radiotherapy will be allowed]
Has received prior radiotherapy within  weeks of start of study treatment
Radiotherapy within  weeks prior to start of study drug treatment (palliative radiation or stereotactic radiosurgery within  days prior to start of study treatment). Patients must have recovered from all radiotherapy-related toxicities.
The subject must have first vaccine treatment start date at least  weeks out but not more than  weeks from the last dose of concomitant temozolomide or radiotherapy
Radiotherapy within  weeks prior to start of study treatment, except as follows:
Radiation therapy within  weeks prior to start of study treatment (palliative radiotherapy to bone lesions allowed up to  weeks prior to study treatment start).
Palliative radiotherapy completed =<  days from treatment start
Radiotherapy to multiple sites or immunotherapy within  weeks before start of protocol treatment (localized radiotherapy to a single site at least  week before start is permissible)
Prior radiotherapy within  weeks of the start of study drug
Patients who had radiation therapy within  days prior to start of study treatment (palliative radiotherapy to bone lesions allowed if completed  weeks prior to study treatment start)
Palliative radiotherapy (to bone or soft tissue lesions) must be completed > weeks prior to start of study drug.
Prior radiation therapy within  days prior to start of study treatment with the exception of palliative radiotherapy to bone lesions, which is allowed if completed  weeks prior to study treatment start
Radiotherapy to the target lesions within  weeks of start of first dose. Toxicities from radiotherapy must have resolved prior to start of first dose.
Subjects who have had surgery/radiotherapy within  weeks prior to start of study
Radiotherapy within  weeks prior to start of treatment
Radiotherapy within  weeks prior to the start of study treatment
Radiotherapy within  weeks before start of study treatment
Has received prior radiotherapy within  weeks of start of study treatment for any other condition.
