Patients with prior hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT) are eligible, with the exception of the following:\r\n* Autologous HSCT within  days of study entry\r\n* Allogeneic HSCT within  days of study entry\r\n* Evidence of graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD)\r\n* Treatment with immunosuppressive medications within  days; however, weaning or stable doses of steroids (must be =<  mg/m^/day of prednisone equivalents) and/or calcineurin inhibitors are permitted
Receipt of hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT) within  days of the first dose of TAK-; clinically significant graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) requiring ongoing immunosuppressive therapy post HSCT at the time of screening (use of topical steroids for ongoing skin GVHD is permitted).
Has received Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation (HSCT) within  days of the first dose of DS-b, is on immunosuppressive therapy post-HSCT at the time of screening, or has clinically significant GVHD (use of topical steroids for ongoing skin GVHD will be permitted). Subjects must have a washout period of >= weeks or at least  half-lives from their last systemic immunosuppressive treatment for GVHD.
Subjects who have undergone hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT) within  days of the first dose of AG-, or subjects on immunosuppressive therapy post HSCT at the time of screening, or with clinically significant graft-versus-host disease (GVHD). (The use of a stable dose of oral steroids post HSCT and/or topical for ongoing skin GVHD is permitted.)
Systemic immunosuppressive therapy post HSCT or with clinically significant graft-versus-host disease (GVHD).
Subjects who have undergone hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT) within  days of the first dose of AG-, or subjects on immunosuppressive therapy post HSCT at the time of screening, or with clinically significant graft-versus-host disease (GVHD). (The use of a stable dose of oral steroids post GVHD and/or topical steroids for ongoing skin GVHD is permitted with Medical Monitor approval.)
Patients who have experienced their relapse after a hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT) are eligible, provided all of the following are met: \r\n* No evidence of acute or chronic graft-versus-host disease (GVHD)\r\n* At least  days off all medications for GVHD\r\n* At least  days post-transplant at the time of enrollment
Any bone marrow relapse after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT); subjects must be at least  days from HSCT at the time of screening and off immunosuppressant medication for at least  month at the time of screening, and have no active graft-vs-host disease (GVHD), or
Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplant: Patients who have experienced their relapse after a HSCT are eligible, provided they have no evidence of Graft-versus-Host Disease (GVHD) and are at least  days post-transplant at the time of enrollment.
For both Parts  and , receipt of HSCT within  days of the first dose of PLX is an exclusion criterion. Patients on immunosuppressive therapy post HSCT, or with clinically significant graft-versus-host disease are excluded from Part . (Use of topical steroids for ongoing skin GVHD is permitted). Patients for Part  must have a wash-out period of ? weeks or at least  half-lives from their last systemic immunosuppressive treatment for GVHD. Patients for Part  may be receiving systemic immunosuppressive treatment for management of GVHD at the time of screening and enrollment
For patients who have received prior HSCT, there can be no evidence of graft versus host disease (GVHD) and greater than  days must have elapsed since the HSCT
Subjects on systemic immunosuppressive therapy post HSCT at the time of screening, or with clinically significant graft-versus-host disease (GVHD). The use of topical steroids for ongoing skin or ocular GVHD is permitted.
