Patients being actively treated for a secondary malignancy
Active secondary malignancy
Secondary malignancy.
Patients with a secondary condition (sickle cell anemia) that cause priapism
No active secondary malignancy
Cold agglutinin syndrome secondary to infection, rheumatologic disease, or active hematologic malignancy
History of diseases with influence on bone metabolism, such as Pagets disease, osteogenesis imperfecta, active primary or secondary hyperparathyroidism, and primary or secondary hyperthyroidism within  months prior to study entry
Any form of active primary or secondary immunodeficiency
Patients who have had secondary debulking surgery
SECONDARY REGISTRATION-EXCLUSION:
Patients with active secondary malignancy unless approved by the study chair
Known secondary HPS that is otherwise treatable (e.g. non-Hodgkins lymphoma)
Patients with active secondary malignancy will not be eligible unless approved by the principal investigator
Concomitant administration of investigational drugs is not allowed; if investigational drugs were given, their use should be completed as guided by that protocol prior to initiation of cytoreduction on this protocol; if the patient is being treated for secondary (treatment related) myelodysplasia after treatment for a non-hematologic malignancy (e.g. Sarcoma), the primary disease should be in remission for at least  months after completing primary therapy; patients with secondary myelodysplasia after treatment of a lymphoma, may proceed with treatment with the lymphoma responding or stable but not progressing
Patients with primary or secondary immunodeficiencies
Cold agglutinin syndrome secondary to infection, rheumatologic disease, or active hematologic malignancy
Any active secondary malignancy
Patients treated with other secondary hormonal therapies
Patients with T disease accompanied by the presence of hydronephrosis secondary to the primary tumor
Patients with a known history of primary and secondary adrenal insufficiency are not eligible
Active secondary malignancy
Any form of active primary or secondary immunodeficiency
Patients with any form of active primary or secondary immunodeficiency.
Patients must not have an active secondary malignancy
Patients who are not candidates for interval surgical debulking secondary to significant medical comorbidities
Any form of active primary or secondary immunodeficiency
Subjects being actively treated for a secondary malignancy.
Active treatment for a secondary malignancy
Secondary malignancy, with the exception of:
Has active secondary malignancy that requires treatment.
Undergoing active treatment for a secondary malignancy.
Subjects being actively treated for a secondary malignancy.
Presence of an active secondary malignancy.
Patients with active secondary malignancy will not be eligible
Secondary immune thrombocytopenia
No other known active secondary primary malignancy
SECONDARY ELIGIBILITY
Primary or secondary CNS lymphoma
Cohorts  &  only: Patients with secondary brain tumors must be greater than or equal to  weeks from radiotherapy. Patients with progressive secondary brain tumors will not be enrolled under this protocol following the completion of Cohort .
Any form of active primary or secondary immunodeficiency
Secondary cancer diagnosis within the last  years
Secondary malignancy
Patient with a secondary malignancy who would be otherwise eligible for study, but for whom remission from the primary disease cannot be conclusively confirmed or for whom the chance of relapse of the primary disease is significant
Primary or secondary tumor in the oral cavity
Jaundice secondary to a cause other than biliary duct obstruction
Patients diagnosed with secondary hepatic malignancy
History of or currently active primary or secondary immunodeficiency.
History of secondary hyperparathyroidism
SECONDARY ELIGIBILITY
(STEP ) - SECONDARY GENETIC COUNSELING SUBSTUDY:
Failed prior therapy with a secondary hormone (e.g. enzalutamide, abiraterone) with documented progressive disease (post-secondary hormone CRPC)
For pre-secondary hormone patients, no prior or concurrent treatment with a secondary hormone (e.g. enzalutamide, abiraterone)
For post-secondary hormone patients, no concurrent treatment with a secondary hormone (e.g. enzalutamide, abiraterone), no metastasis to the liver or brain
