Patients with brain metastases (either remote or current) or presence of carcinomatous meningitis are not eligible
Known active CNS metastases or carcinomatous meningitis.
Patients with known CNS metastases, carcinomatous meningitis, or leptomeningeal disease as indicated by clinical symptoms, cerebral edema, and/or progressive growth.
Has known active CNS metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis
Untreated or actively progressing CNS lesions (carcinomatous meningitis)
Has known active CNS metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis.
Known active CNS metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis a. To be eligible for the study treatment, subjects must have stable disease ?  month, confirmed by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) or computed tomography (CT) scan, and have CNS metastases well controlled by low-dose steroids, anti-epileptics, or other symptom-relieving medications.
Known active CNS metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis  To be eligible for the study treatment, subjects must have stable disease ?  months, confirmed by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) or computed tomography (CT) scan, and have CNS metastases well controlled by low-dose steroids, anti-epileptics, or other symptom-relieving medications
Active CNS metastases or carcinomatous meningitis. Patients with CNS lesions that have been treated and who have no evidence of progression in the brain on CT/MRI for ? month are eligible. Pregnant or nursing women due to the unknown effects of immunization on the developing fetus or newborn infant.
Known CNS metastases or carcinomatous meningitis. Subjects with previously treated, stable CNS metastases (no evidence of progression for ?  weeks, and resolution of neurologic symptoms to baseline state) are permitted in this study.
Known active untreated CNS metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis.
Active uncontrolled/symptomatic CNS metastases, carcinomatous meningitis, or leptomeningeal disease
Active CNS metastases or carcinomatous meningitis
Known active brain metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis
Has known active CNS metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis.
Has known active CNS metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis.
Carcinomatous meningitis and/or symptomatic CNS metastases
Has known brain metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis
Patients with active CNS metastases or carcinomatous meningitis, except patients with CNS lesions that have been treated and have no evidence of progression in the brain on CT/MRI for ?  months.
Known active CNS metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis
Active CNS metastases or carcinomatous meningitis. Patients with CNS lesions that have been treated and who have no evidence of progression in the brain on CT/MRI for ? month are eligible.
Clinical evidence of brain metastases or carcinomatous meningitis
Has known active CNS metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis.
Has known active CNS metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis.
