Patients previously diagnosed with diabetes must not have uncontrolled diabetes (defined as a hemoglobin [Hg] AC > % within  days prior to registration)
Uncontrolled diabetes as assessed by the investigator
Patients with a history of diabetes
Active diabetes insipidus
Uncontrolled diabetes
Uncontrolled diabetes or symptomatic hyperglycemia
Severe diabetes that is not currently controlled,
History of uncontrolled diabetes mellitus or diabetic neuropathy within  months of the first dose of study drug. Uncontrolled diabetes is defined as hemoglobin AC (HbAc) ? % or HbAc >  to < % with associated diabetes symptoms (polyuria or polydipsia) that are not otherwise explained.
Patients with diabetes controlled by diet or medication are allowed on trial; controlled diabetes is defined as FBG <  mg/kL in the context of this study
History of diabetes and on active diabetes treatment with pharmacotherapy (oral hypoglycemics or insulin)
Uncontrolled diabetes mellitus defined as a Hemoglobin AC? % in patients with a prior history of diabetes, prior to study enrollment.
Uncontrolled diabetes
Uncontrolled diabetes
Subjects with diabetes.
Uncontrolled diabetes
Patients with diabetes on metformin; patients with diabetes and not on metformin will be eligible if it is deemed safe after consultation with the patient physician managing diabetes
Subjects that have been previously diagnosed with type  diabetes or steroid-induced diabetes must also meet the additional following criteria:\r\n* Diagnosed with diabetes >=  months prior to enrollment\r\n* Hemoglobin AC (HbAC) =< % at screening visit
No history of diabetes
Patients with diabetes who have evidence of complications from their diabetes, such as end organ sequelae of diabetes or Hemoglobin Ac > %.
Uncontrolled diabetes: a glycated hemoglobin (Hg AC) > % within  days prior to registration; the same criterion will be used in patients with confirmed diagnosis of diabetes mellitus who have been on a stable dietary or therapeutic regimen for this condition in the last three months
Patients with diabetes are eligible for this trial; all diabetic patients who are enrolled on this study should discuss the need to change their diabetes management regimen with their primary care physician or endocrinologist prior to enrollment
Uncontrolled diabetes
Uncontrolled diabetes on appropriate therapy
Patients with clinically manifested diabetes
Patients with controlled diabetes are allowed on study; controlled diabetes is defined as fetal bovine serum (FBS) =<  mg/dL in the context of this study
Uncontrolled diabetes mellitus. i. The glycemic targets for subjects with diabetes should take into consideration age, comorbidities, life expectancy, and functional status of the subjects and follow established guidelines (eg, International Diabetes Federation, the European Diabetes Working Party guidelines, and the American Diabetes Association). For younger (<  years old) or subjects with life expectancy ?  years, the target glycosylated hemoglobin, type AC (HbAc) should be < .%. The target HbAc for older (?  years old) subjects or subjects with life expectancy <  years should be < .%. Consultation with an endocrinologist is recommended when deciding if diabetes is optimally controlled. c. Chronic symptomatic congestive heart failure (Class III or IV of the New York Heart Association Classification for Heart Disease). d. Active central nervous system involvement as documented by spinal fluid cytology or imaging. e. Uncontrolled autoimmune hemolytic anemia or thrombocytopenia. f. Other concurrent severe and/or uncontrolled concomitant medical conditions that could cause unacceptable safety risks or compromise compliance with protocol.
Uncontrolled diabetes
Uncontrolled diabetes (HAC > %) despite optional therapy
Uncontrolled diabetes
Diabetes must be controlled prior to enrollment
Patients with uncontrolled diabetes (as determined by the investigator); well-controlled diabetic patients with fasting glucose <  are eligible if they have been on stable doses of medications for diabetes for at least  weeks prior to study entry
Uncontrolled diabetes at the time of cytoreduction; all patients with diabetes must be optimized on their diabetes regimen prior to initiating pasireotide\r\n* If a patient is diabetic: uncontrolled diabetes as defined by hemoglobin Ac (HbAc) > %* despite adequate therapy
Currently has uncontrolled diabetes (at time of screening or enrollment)
Diagnosis of diabetes
Patients with poorly or uncontrolled diabetes in the opinion of the physician(s)
Uncontrolled diabetes, untreated hypothyroidism
History of diabetes with retinopathy requiring treatment
Patients will also need to satisfy one of the following diabetic criteria: () documented diagnosis of piabetes mellitus (diabetes) or pre-diabetes, () use of diabetic medication, () presence of diabetes risk factors which will prompt diabetic screening of the treating physicians choice leading to a diagnosis of pre-diabetes or diabetes or the finding of a glycosylated hemoglobin (HbAc) >= .%
Using medication to treat diabetes
Patients with a history of diabetes
Suspected or diagnosed diabetes (with the exception of gestational diabetes);
Uncontrolled diabetes (controlled diabetes per the American Diabetes Association and International Diabetes Centers Glycemic Target Goals is hemoglobin AC < %)
History of diabetes
Individuals with a history of diabetes, hypertension, or have smoked cigarettes in the last  months.
Diabetes
Diabetes
Is being treated for diagnosed diabetes or autoimmune disease
Uncontrolled diabetes; subjects with diabetes mellitus are not excluded if the condition is well-controlled (glycated hemoglobin [AC] < .)
Medication-treated diabetes
Have diabetes
Diabetes requiring drug therapy
Poorly or uncontrolled diabetes in the opinion of the physician(s)
Diagnosed with diabetes
Subjects with a history of diabetes;
Patients with controlled diabetes are allowed on study; controlled diabetes is defined as <  ml/dL for the sake of this study
Subjects with diabetes on active treatment (for subjects treated on CC- containing arms only)
On treatment with any drug for diabetes
Currently being treated for diabetes or meeting criteria for new diagnosis of diabetes
Diabetes being treated with other than diet and lifestyle
Have diagnosis of diabetes
No history of diabetes
Patients with uncontrolled diabetes
