Patients requiring treatment with a receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL) inhibitor (e.g. denosumab) who cannot discontinue it before treatment with atezolizumab
Patients requiring treatment with a receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL) inhibitor (e.g., denosumab) who cannot discontinue it before treatment with atezolizumab
Prior or concomitant chemotherapy for metastatic or recurrent disease with the following exceptions:\r\n* Prior chemotherapy for local primary disease is permitted\r\n* Bisphosphonates or receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-? (RANK) ligand inhibitors are allowed at doses and schedule consistent with the treatment or prevention of osteoporosis
Patients undergoing any systemic therapy (except for luteinizing hormone-releasing [LHRH] hormone agonist or antagonist treatment for prostate cancer, and bisphosphonates or receptor activator of nuclear factor [Nf] kappa [RANK] ligand inhibitors for bone strengthening), major surgery or radiotherapy for the treatment of prostate cancer within  weeks of study entry.
Treatment with a receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL) inhibitor (e.g. denosumab) within  weeks of first study dose
Patients who have had chemotherapy, hormonal therapy, or radiotherapy within  weeks prior to entering the study or those who have not recovered from adverse events due to agents administered more than  weeks earlier; concomitant treatment with bone-targeted therapies such as receptor activator of nuclear kappa-B ligand (RANKL) inhibitors or bisphosphonates is allowed
Concurrent bisphosphonate or receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B (RANK)-ligand directed therapy for prevention of skeletal related events or treatment of osteoporosis is allowed
Concomitant use of bisphosphonates or RANK-ligand inhibitors is allowed
Patients requiring treatment with a receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-? ligand (RANKL) inhibitor (e.g., denosumab) who cannot discontinue it before initiation of study treatment
Concomitant use of bisphosphonates, receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-? ligand (RANKL) antibody, and ovarian suppression is allowed
Treatment with denosumab (or other receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand [RANKL] inhibitor)  weeks before the first dose and for  weeks after the last dose of atezolizumab
Participants receiving bone resorptive therapy (including, but not limited to bisphosphonate or receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-? ligand inhibitor) must be on stable doses for ? weeks prior to first dose of study therapy
Participants on bisphosphonates or receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa B (RANK) ligand inhibitors may continue receiving therapy during study treatment
Have initiated bisphosphonates or approved receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANK-L) targeted agents < days prior to randomization
Have initiated bisphosphonates or approved Receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B (RANK) ligand targeted agents < days prior to randomization
Bisphosphonate (e.g. zoledronic acid) and receptor activator of nuclear transcription factor kappa-B (NF-kappaB) ligand (RANKL) inhibitor (e.g. denosumab) use for bone metastasis is permitted
Current therapy with endocrine agents (tamoxifen, raloxifene, toremifene and all aromatase inhibitors) and/or bisphosphonates and/or tumor necrosis factor (ligand) superfamily, member  (RANK)-ligand inhibitors is permitted
Bisphosphonate or receptor activated of nuclear factor kappa-B (RANK) ligand inhibitor therapy for bone metastases is allowed; prophylactic use of bisphosphonates in subjects without bone disease, except for the treatment of osteoporosis, is not permitted
Any experimental drug while on this study; however, concomitant bone targeted therapy (bisphosphonates or the anti-tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily, member a, NFKB activator [RANK] ligand denosumab) is allowed
Patients requiring treatment with a receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL) inhibitor (e.g. denosumab) who cannot discontinue it before treatment with atezolizumab
Have initiated treatment with bisphosphonates or approved receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANK-L) targeted agents (e.g. denosumab) ?  days prior to Day  of Cycle .
Have initiated treatment with bisphosphonates or approved receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANK-L) targeted agents (e.g. denosumab) ? days prior to day  of cycle .
Bisphosphonates/tumor necrosis factor receptor super family, member a (RANK)-ligand inhibitor allowed if started prior to study treatment
