No major surgery =<  days prior to registration and no minor surgery =<  days prior to registration (with the exception of intravenous access placement, e.g. Hickman or peripherally inserted central catheter [PICC])
Patients who have had or are planning to have the following invasive procedures are not eligible:\r\n* Major surgical procedure, laparoscopic procedure, or open biopsy within  days prior to enrollment\r\n* Central line placement or subcutaneous port placement is not considered major surgery but must be placed at least  days prior to enrollment for external lines (e.g., Hickman or Broviac catheter, peripherally inserted central catheter [PICC]) and at least  days prior to enrollment for a subcutaneous port\r\n* Core biopsy within  days prior to enrollment\r\n* Fine needle aspirate within  days prior to enrollment\r\n* Surgical or other wounds must be adequately healed prior to enrollment\r\n* NOTE: For purposes of this study, bone marrow aspirate and biopsy are not considered surgical procedures and therefore are permitted within  days prior to start of protocol therapy
Must have, or be willing to have an acceptable central catheter. (Port a cath, peripherally inserted central catheter [PICC-line], or central venous catheter) (Insertion only required if randomized to Arm A).
Has had prior chemotherapy, targeted small molecule therapy, or radiation therapy within  weeks prior to study day  or who has not recovered (i.e., =< grade  or at baseline) from adverse events due to a previously administered agent\r\n* Note: Subjects with =< grade  neuropathy are an exception to this criterion and may qualify for the study\r\n* Note: Major surgical procedure, or significant traumatic injury within  days of registration or incompletely healed surgical wounds are exclusions; minor surgical procedures such as placement of central venous device (excluding peripherally inserted central catheter [PICC] line) are allowed  days prior to enrollment to the study
Have known factors that may increase the risk of infection while on study drug treatment. These may include, but are not limited to, an indwelling peritoneal catheter or open wounds. Catheters for vascular access are permitted.
Patients with a history of external percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography catheter placement.
Must have, or be willing to have an acceptable central catheter. (Port a cath, peripherally inserted central catheter [PICC] line, or central venous catheter)
Presence of any indwelling line or drain (e.g., percutaneous nephrostomy tube, indwelling Foley catheter, biliary drain, or pleural/peritoneal/pericardial catheter). Ommaya reservoirs and dedicated central venous access catheters such as a Port-a-Cath or Hickman catheter are permitted
Presence of any indwelling line or drain. Dedicated central venous access catheter such as a Port-a-Cath or Hickman catheter are permitted.
Subjects for whom use of a thrombolytic, either systemic or via catheter, is planned;
Minor surgical intervention, including placement of a permanent catheter within  hours prior to the first infusion of bevacizumab
AT THE TIME OF INFUSION: Intracranial catheter (such as Rickham or Ommaya) in place
Central vascular access device(s) (e.g. infusaport, tunneled central veinous catheter [CVC] &/or peripherally inserted central catheter [PICC] line) providing a combined  access ports is advised for all patients
Venous access: a double lumen central vascular access device or its equivalent and an additional peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC) line will be required for all patients entered on protocol
Willingness to have a central venous line (peripherally inserted central catheter [PICC] or PORT)
Functioning intraperitoneal catheter
Subjects who refuse to have their catheter removed or subjects for whom, in the Investigator's opinion, catheter retention for the duration of the study is reasonable or required;
(Prior to treatment) Note: evaluate at least  week before T cell infusion. a. Adequate venous access  consider peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC) or central line. b. ECOG/Zubrod performance status of -. c. Bi-dimensionally measurable disease by palpation on clinical exam, or radiographic imaging (X-ray, computed tomography [CT scan]). d. At least  weeks must have elapsed since the last chemotherapy, immunotherapy, radiotherapy or major surgery. At least  weeks for nitrosoureas, mitomycin C and liposomal doxorubicin. e. Toxicity related to prior therapy must either have returned to =< grade , baseline, or been deemed irreversible. f. Persons of reproductive potential must agree to use and utilize an adequate method of contraception throughout treatment and for at least  months after study drug is stopped. g. Willing and able to give informed consent.
Adequate vein access: consider peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC) or other central line
Minor surgery, including insertion of an indwelling catheter, within  hours prior to the first bevacizumab infusion
Patient has or is willing to have a central venous catheter (e.g. PICC, Port-A-Cath, Hickman catheter) for drug administration.
Presence of a pleural effusion with the ability to safely place an intrapleural catheter or have pre-existing intrapleural catheter
Has had major surgery within  weeks prior to enrollment (a percutaneous biopsy, pleural catheter insertion, placement of central venous catheter or other minor procedure are permitted)
Have undergone major surgery within  days prior to randomization, or central venous access device placement within  days prior to first dose of study treatment, except if the procedure is minimally invasive (for example, introduction of peripherally inserted central catheter [PICC] line) and the investigator does not anticipate any significant bleeding.
Inability to receive a port or peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC) line
Presence of any condition requiring any form of anticoagulant therapy (heparin flushes for IV catheter are permitted)
Minor surgical procedure =<  days prior to randomization; exception: insertion of an indwelling catheter or percutaneous needle biopsy =<  hours prior to randomization
Is unable to receive a port or peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC).
Adequate venous access - consider peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC) or central line
Ventricular shunt/catheter
Candidate for and willingness to have a surgically placed intraperitoneal catheter and tissue acquisition at the time of port placement; note: if an intraperitoneal catheter is already in place, a tumor biopsy will still be required; a guided core-needle biopsy is sufficient in these cases
Participants who will have a central access catheter or a peripheral intravascular central catheter (PICC) should schedule this procedure at least  days prior to the start date of study drug
Patients must be at least  hours from placement of central catheter before receiving first dose of bevacizumab
Adequately functioning bladder, defined as continent and without the need for an indwelling catheter
body weight which would preclude proper suprapubic catheter functioning, per investigator's discretion
Indwelling post-operative epidural catheter for pain control
Participants who have an indwelling draining IP catheter (to be drained only under medical supervision)
Must have a pre-existing central venous access such as a port, Hickmann catheter or a peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC line) or be willing and able to have one inserted.
Patients with kyphoplasty cement or hardware that would preclude effective catheter placement
If epidural catheter was used - the catheter must be removed prior to treatment
Patients unwilling to have a central catheter
Patients with the following invasive procedures:\r\n* Major surgical procedures, open biopsy or significant traumatic injury within  days prior to day  therapy\r\n* Anticipation of need for major surgical procedures during the course of the study\r\n* Minor surgical procedures, fine needle aspirations or core biopsies within  days prior to day  of therapy; central venous catheter placements are permitted to be completed  or more days prior to day  of therapy; however, peripherally inserted central catheter (peripherally inserted central catheter [PICC] or PIC line) may be placed at any time prior to or during therapy
Arterial catheter placement
Admitted for surgery lasting >  hour and requiring urinary catheter
Able to undergo a -hour (h) intrathecal catheter placement
Patients undergoing allogeneic transplant must have, or be scheduled to have, an external tunneled central venous catheter (CVC) (Broviacs, Hickmans, tunneled percutaneously inserted central catheter [PICCs], etc.) and/or non-tunneled percutaneously inserted central catheter (PICC) that is expected to remain in place for an additional >=  months
Investigator is able to insert and deploy the Blowfish Catheter into the airway after recanalization
Patients with an occluded (partially or totally) catheter defined as inability to either withdraw blood or instill  cc of fluid without resistance through any catheter lumen
Inability to place an IV catheter or draw blood for any reason
Urinary incontinence requiring condom catheter use or >=  pad/day
Must have, or accept to have, an acceptable central catheter for infusion of melflufen
