Concomitant use of known strong CYPA inhibitors (eg. itraconazole, telithromycin, clarithromycin, protease inhibitors boosted with ritonavir or cobicistat, indinavir, saquinavir, nelfinavir, boceprevir, telaprevir) or moderate CYPA inhibitors (eg. ciprofloxacin, erythromycin, diltiazem, fluconazole, verapamil); the required washout period prior to starting olaparib is  weeks; as part of the enrollment/informed consent procedures, the patient will be counseled on the risk of interactions with other agents, and what to do if new medications need to be prescribed or if the patient is considering a new over-the-counter medicine or herbal product
Concomitant use of known strong CYPA inhibitors (e.g., itraconazole, telithromycin, clarithromycin, protease inhibitors boosted with ritonavir or cobicistat, indinavir, saquinavir, nelfinavir, boceprevir, telaprevir) and grapefruit, grapefruit juice or any product containing grapefruit, or moderate CYPA inhibitors (e.g., ciprofloxacin, erythromycin, diltiazem, fluconazole, verapamil); the required washout period prior to starting olaparib is  weeks
Concomitant use of known strong or moderate CYPA inhibitors (e.g. itraconazole, telithromycin, clarithromycin, protease inhibitors boosted with ritonavir or cobicistat, indinavir, saquinavir, nelfinavir, boceprevir, telaprevir) or moderate CYPA inhibitors (e.g. ciprofloxacin, erythromycin, diltiazem, fluconazole, verapamil). The required washout period prior to starting olaparib is  weeks
Concomitant use of known strong CYPA inhibitors (eg. itraconazole, telithromycin, clarithromycin, protease inhibitors boosted with ritonavir or cobicistat, indinavir, saquinavir, nelfinavir, boceprevir, telaprevir) or moderate CYPA inhibitors (eg. ciprofloxacin, erythromycin, diltiazem, fluconazole, verapamil). The required washout period prior to starting olaparib is  weeks.
Concomitant use of known strong CYPA inhibitors (eg. itraconazole, telithromycin, clarithromycin, protease inhibitors boosted with ritonavir or cobicistat, indinavir, saquinavir, nelfinavir, boceprevir, telaprevir), moderate CYPA inhibitors (eg. ciprofloxacin, erythromycin, diltiazem, fluconazole, verapamil), strong CYPA inducers (eg. phenobarbital, enzalutamide, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St Johns wort) or moderate CYPA inducers (eg. bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil); a minimum washout period of  weeks prior to cycle  day  is required for strong inhibitors, and at least one week for moderate inhibitors; a minimum washout period of  weeks prior to cycle  day  is required for CYPA inducers; a minimum washout period of  weeks prior to cycle  day  is required for enzalutamide or phenobarbital; dihydropyridine calcium-channel blockers are permitted for management of hypertension
Chronic use of known strong CYPA inhibitors (e.g. ketoconazole, itraconazole, ritonavir, indinavir, saquinavir, telithromycin, clarithromycin, voriconazole, nefazodone, posaconazole, ritonavir, lopinavir/ritonavir, indinavir, saquinavir, boceprevir, telaprevir and nelfinavir), moderate CYPA inhibitors (e.g. amprenavir, aprepitant, atazanavir, ciprofloxacin, crizotinib, darunavir/ritonavir, diltiazem, erythromycin, fluconazole, fosamprenavir, imatinib, verapamil), strong CYPA inducers (e.g. phenytoin, rifampicin, carbamazepine, St. Johns wort, phenobarbital) and moderate CYPA inducers (e.g. bosentan, efavirenz, etravirine, modafinil and nafcillin). Concomitant use of these drugs with olaparib is not allowed. Patients may undergo limited courses of them prior to starting olaparib but will be required to have >= -week washout period from phenobarbital, and >= -week washout period from the rest, before initiating treatment with olaparib.
Concomitant use of known strong CYPA inhibitors (e.g., itraconazole, telithromycin, clarithromycin, protease inhibitors boosted with ritonavir or cobicistat, indinavir, saquinavir, nelfinavir, boceprevir, telaprevir) or moderate CYPA inhibitors (e.g., ciprofloxacin, erythromycin, diltiazem, fluconazole, verapamil). The required washout period prior to starting olaparib is  weeks
Concomitant use of known strong CYPA inhibitors (e.g. itraconazole, telithromycin, clarithromycin, protease inhibitors boosted with ritonavir or cobicistat, indinavir, saquinavir, nelfinavir, boceprevir, telaprevir) or moderate CYPA inhibitors (e.g. ciprofloxacin, erythromycin, diltiazem, fluconazole, verapamil); the required washout period prior to starting olaparib is  weeks; during the study, if co-administration of a strong or moderate inhibitor is required, exception to this criterion may be allowed with a suitable dose reduction of olaparib
Concomitant use of known strong CYPA inhibitors (e.g. itraconazole, telithromycin, clarithromycin, protease inhibitors boosted with ritonavir or cobicistat, indinavir, saquinavir, nelfinavir, boceprevir, telaprevir) or moderate CYPA inhibitors (e.g. ciprofloxacin, erythromycin, diltiazem, fluconazole, verapamil). The required washout period prior to starting olaparib is  weeks.
Concomitant use of known strong CYPA inhibitors (eg. itraconazole, telithromycin, clarithromycin, protease inhibitors boosted with ritonavir or cobicistat, indinavir, saquinavir, nelfinavir, boceprevir, telaprevir) or moderate CYPA inhibitors (eg. ciprofloxacin, erythromycin, diltiazem, fluconazole, verapamil); the required washout period prior to starting olaparib is  weeks
Concomitant use of known strong CYPA inhibitors (eg. itraconazole, telithromycin, clarithromycin, protease inhibitors boosted with ritonavir or cobicistat, indinavir, saquinavir, nelfinavir, boceprevir, telaprevir) or moderate CYPA inhibitors (eg. ciprofloxacin, erythromycin, diltiazem, fluconazole, verapamil). The required washout period prior to starting olaparib is  weeks.
Concomitant use of known strong CYPA inhibitors (e.g. itraconazole, telithromycin, clarithromycin, protease inhibitors boosted with ritonavir or cobicistat, indinavir, saquinavir, nelfinavir, boceprevir, telaprevir) or moderate CYPA inhibitors (e.g. ciprofloxacin, erythromycin, diltiazem, fluconazole, verapamil); the required washout period prior to starting olaparib is  weeks
Concomitant use of known strong CYPA inhibitors (eg. itraconazole, telithromycin, clarithromycin, protease inhibitors boosted with ritonavir or cobicistat, indinavir, saquinavir, nelfinavir, boceprevir, telaprevir) or moderate CYPA inhibitors (eg. ciprofloxacin, erythromycin, diltiazem, fluconazole, verapamil). The required washout period prior to starting olaparib is  weeks
