Patients who plan to receive yellow fever vaccine during the course of the study treatment.
Active infection or an unexplained fever > . degrees Celsius (C) during screening visits or on the first scheduled day of dosing (at the discretion of the investigator, patients with tumor fever may be enrolled), which in the investigators opinion might compromise the patients participation in the trial or affect the study outcome
Presence of an active infection or with an unexplained fever > .C during screening visits or on the first scheduled day of dosing, which in the investigator's opinion might compromise the patient's participation in the trial or affect the study outcome. At the discretion of the investigator, patients with tumor fever may be enrolled
Patients with active infection or with a fever > . C within  days of the first scheduled day of dosing;
Recent (within  days before enrollment) or concurrent yellow fever vaccination
Fever within  days prior to study enrollment.
Active infection within one-week prior to study, including unexplained fever
Patients with evidence of an active bacterial infection or with a fever ? . C (. F) within  days of the first scheduled day of dosing
Patients may not have fever (.*C) within  days of enrollment
Patients with uncontrolled intercurrent illness, active or uncontrolled infections, or a fever > . degrees Celsius (C) that has not been evaluated for infection up to the day of initial dosing; patients with documented history of tumor fever are accepted provided acute or chronic infection has been excluded as possible cause of the fever
Active infection causing fever.
Persistent fever (> hours) documented by repeated measurement or active, uncontrolled infection within  weeks of enrollment.
New or active infection as determined by fever, unexplained pulmonary infiltrate or sinusitis on radiographic assessment; infections diagnosed within  weeks of registration must be determined to be controlled or resolving prior to treatment
Current evidence of fever or untreated infection
Active infection or antibiotics within  hours prior to study enrollment, including unexplained fever (temp > .C), if deemed clinically significant by the treating physician.
Patients with an active infection or with a fever ? .C within  days of the first scheduled day of dosing.
Active infection or unexplained fever
Patient undergoing yellow fever vaccination.
Unexplained fever and/or untreated, active infection
Patients with active bacterial infections with systemic manifestations (malaise, fever, leucocytosis) are not eligible until completion of appropriate therapy.
Active infection or an unexplained fever >.C during Screening or on the first scheduled day of dosing.
Patients with an active infection or with an unexplained fever during screening or on the first scheduled day of dosing;
Fever (> .C)
Persistent fever (> hours) documented by repeated measurement or active, uncontrolled infection within  weeks of enrollment.
Fever suspected to be caused by a noninfectious cause (eg, fever related to drug or blood product administration)
Active infection including known AIDS or Hepatitis C or with a fever ?.C within  days prior to enrollment
Patients with an active infection or with a fever >= . F within  days of the first scheduled day of protocol treatment
Presence of an active infection; patients with fever assessed to be \tumor fever\ but without active evidence of infection (e.g. blood cultures are negative) are eligible; in addition, patients who have an infection but without evidence of fever for  hours on antibiotics will be eligible
Subjects with an active severe infection or with an unexplained fever >.C during screening visits or on their first day of study drug administration (at the discretion of the Investigator, subjects with tumor fever may be enrolled).
Patients with an active severe infection that required anti-infective therapy or with an unexplained fever >.C during screening visits or on their first day of study drug administration (at the discretion of the Investigator, patients with tumor fever may be enrolled)
Active infection, including unexplained fever (temperature > . deg.C).
Persistent fever (>  hours) documented by repeated measurement =<  weeks prior to registration
Have received recent (within  days prior to randomization) yellow fever vaccination
Subjects with an active severe infection that required anti-infective therapy or with an unexplained fever >.C during screening visits or on their first day of study drug administration (at the discretion of the Investigator, subjects with tumor fever may be enrolled).
Active infection or antibiotics within  hours prior to study enrollment, including unexplained fever (temp > .C), if deemed clinically significant by the treating physician.
Subjects with an active severe infection that required anti-infective therapy or with an unexplained fever >.C during screening visits or on their first day of study drug administration (at the discretion of the Investigator, subjects with tumor fever may be enrolled).
Active infection or antibiotics within  hours prior to study enrollment, including unexplained fever (temp > .C) if deemed clinically significant by the treating physician.
New or active infection as determined by fever, unexplained pulmonary infiltrate or sinusitis on radiographic assessment; infections diagnosed within  weeks of registration must be determined to be controlled or resolving prior to treatment
Active infection or fever > .C during screening visits or on the first scheduled day of dosing
Hydroxyurea-related fever.
Fever above . within  hours of study enrollment with clinical signs of infection.
Patients who have an active infection or with an unexplained fever > .C during screening visits or on the first scheduled day of dosing (at the discretion of the investigator, patients with tumor fever may be enrolled.)
Active infection including known AIDS or Hepatitis C or with a fever ?.C within  days prior to study enrollment
Patients with an active infection (i.e., clinical signs or symptoms, including, but not limited to: bleeding/pustulant skin infections; productive cough associated with fever) on antibiotics or with a fever >= . Celsius (C) within  days prior to registration (i.e. date when the patient signs the consent and/or the patient is registered in CORE)
Presence of an active infection or fever >= . C within  days of the first scheduled protocol treatment
Subjects with an active infection or with a fever >/+ . degrees C within  days of the first scheduled day of dosing for Cycle 
Concomitant vaccination with yellow fever vaccine.
Patients with uncontrolled concurrent illness, active infection requiring i.v. antibiotics, or uncontrolled infections, or a fever > .C on the day of scheduled dosing
Active severe infection that required anti-infective therapy or with an unexplained fever >.C during screening visits or on their first day of study drug administration (at the discretion of the Investigator, subjects with tumor fever may be enrolled)
Active infection or fever > .C during screening visits or on the first scheduled day of dosing
Patients with an active infection or with an unexplained fever > .C during screening visits or on the first scheduled day of dosing. (At the discretion of the investigator, patients with tumor fever may be enrolled.)
The participant has received a recent (within  days of enrollment) or is receiving concurrent yellow fever vaccination.
Presence of fever [oral temperature of C or equivalent] at Baseline. However, this requirement is waived if the subject has a history of fever within in the  hours prior to Baseline; or, if the subject reported symptoms of feverishness at some time during the  hours prior to Baseline. AND at least  out of the following :
Recurrent, unexplained fever of greater than .F (C) without signs of infection
fever (>C) of unclear etiology
An active infection or with a fever ? .C
Acute disease and/or fever at the time of enrolment.
Patients should not have either CT scanning or B-WARM if they have a fever at the time\r\n* Fever should be worked up and treated as appropriate\r\n* Patients should be afebrile for  hours prior to scanning or B-WARM therapy
