Patients with ocular melanoma.
Ocular melanoma.
Ocular melanoma
Ocular melanoma
Ocular surface disease at the time of enrollment
Has Ocular Melanoma
History of ocular events related to keratitis or corneal disorders, or any current ongoing active ocular infections.
Patients with ocular, mucosal and unknown primary melanoma will also be eligible
Patients with primary ocular or mucosal melanoma are excluded
Phase  Cohort: ocular melanoma
Participants must not have ocular melanoma
Has ocular conditions such as:
Ocular melanoma
Patients whose primary diagnosis was ocular melanoma
Has ocular conditions such as:
Patients must have unresectable cutaneous, mucosal or ocular metastatic stage III/IV melanoma, and in the opinion of the institutional principal investigator (PI) is an acceptable candidate for adoptive cell therapy (ACT) with high dose interleukin- (IL-); patients with ocular or mucosal metastatic melanoma may be included, as our prior experience indicates that TIL can be successfully propagated from these subtypes of melanoma metastases
Ocular primary tumors.
Ocular melanoma
% or less histologically or cytologically-proven ocular melanoma metastases in the parenchyma of the liver.
Melanoma of ocular primary
Patients with melanoma of mucosal or ocular primary
Has primary ocular melanoma
Measurable metastatic ocular melanoma
Patients with the following ocular conditions: corneal disorders, monocular vision (i.e., best corrected visual acuity greater than or equal to / in one eye), or active ocular disorders requiring treatment
Ocular MEL
Ocular melanoma is excluded.
Subject must not have primary ocular or mucosal melanoma, or history or evidence of melanoma associated with immunodeficiency states (eg, hereditary immune deficiency, organ transplant, or leukemia).
Has ocular conditions such as:
Patients with the following ocular conditions: corneal disorders, monocular vision (ie. best corrected visual acuity greater than or equal to / in one eye), or active ocular disorders requiring treatment
known glaucoma or other pre-existing ocular conditions that may put the patient at risk for ocular toxicities.
Subjects with ocular melanoma
Histologically or cytologically confirmed diagnosis of unresectable or metastatic malignant melanoma, including cutaneous, ocular, mucosal and unknown primary tumour.
Patients with ocular melanoma.
Primary ocular or mucosal melanoma
Mucosal or ocular melanoma
Ocular melanoma
Ocular melanoma
Known mucosal or ocular melanoma or the presence of unresectable in-transit metastases.
Primary ocular and mucosal melanomas are allowed
Has a history of ocular melanoma
Patients must not have ocular melanoma
Ocular Melanoma
Primary Ocular Melanoma
Melanoma of ocular origin
Patients must have histologically or cytologically confirmed malignant melanoma and clinical evidence of metastatic disease to the brain; mucosal and ocular melanomas are included
Subject has an active ocular condition that in the opinion of the investigator may alter visual acuity during the course of the study (i.e., ocular inflammatory disease etc.) or a history or anticipation of major ocular surgery (including cataract extraction, intraocular surgery, etc.) during the study.
Primary ocular or mucosal melanoma.
