Patients with intestinal obstruction or gastrointestinal bleeding
Presence of a bowel obstruction, history or presence of inflammatory enteropathy, or extensive intestinal resection, Crohn disease, ulcerative colitis, or chronic diarrhea;
History of bowel obstruction, inflammatory enteropathy or extensive intestinal resection.
History of clinically significant GI bleed, intestinal obstruction, or GI perforation within  months of study dose
Subject has a variety of factors influencing oral drugs (such as unable to swallow, nausea, vomiting, chronic diarrhea and intestinal obstruction, etc.).
Bowel obstruction, history or presence of inflammatory enteropathy or extensive intestinal resection.
Any past or present chronic inflammatory colon and/or liver disease, past intestinal obstruction, pseudo or subocclusion or paralysis.
A history of chronic diarrhea, colitis, or intestinal perforation that in the opinion of the investigator precludes utilization of idelalisib
Intestinal obstruction, uncontrolled gastrointestinal hemorrhage, pulmonary fibrosis, renal failure, liver failure, or cerebrovascular disorder
Acute or subacute intestinal occlusion;
Patients with active ? grade  anorexia, nausea or vomiting, and/or signs of intestinal obstruction.
Prior history of clinically significant bleeding, intestinal obstruction, or GI perforation within  months of initiation of study treatment.
Have a bowel obstruction, history or presence of inflammatory enteropathy or extensive intestinal resection or chronic diarrhea.
Known gastro-intestinal disease or gastro-intestinal procedure that could interfere with the oral absorption or tolerance of MLN, including difficulty swallowing
Acute or sub-acute intestinal obstruction
Patients with active ? grade  anorexia, nausea or vomiting, and/or signs of intestinal obstruction.
Patients with active ? Grade  anorexia, nausea or vomiting, and/or signs of intestinal obstruction.
Complete or partial intestinal obstruction at the time of study enrollment
Endoscopic and histologic evidence of active intestinal inflammation consistent with CD; in the event that the involved mucosa cannot be readily reached by endoscopic biopsy, an imaging test that shows typical changes of CD in the intestinal tract will suffice as evidence of active intestinal inflammation; the presence of intestinal stomas does not exclude the patient from study
A current complication of CD that would jeopardize survival after hematopoietic cell transplantation, including but not limited to the following: \r\n * Abscess, phlegmon, necrotizing skin lesion, or inflammatory fistula\r\n * Intestinal fibrotic stricture and intestinal obstruction\r\n * Uncontrolled mucosal, organ, or systemic infection with a bacterial, viral, fungal, or parasitic organism\r\n * Sclerosing cholangitis
CLINICAL/LABORATORY CRITERIA: Patients must be able to swallow oral medications and must not have a gastro-intestinal disorder with diarrhea as a major symptom or that may alter absorption such as malabsorption syndromes or gastric resection
Subjects with a history of intestinal perforation, colitis, clinically significant gastrointestinal bleeding or intestinal obstruction within one year prior to enrollment.
History of intestinal obstruction and/or clinical signs or symptoms of GI obstruction including sub-occlusive disease related to the underlying disease or requirement for routine parenteral hydration
Patient has any signs of intestinal obstruction
Clinical conditions affecting the intake and use of oral medications (e.g., inability to swallow, chronic diarrhea, and intestinal obstruction)
History of gastro-intestinal bleeding within  months
Have a bowel obstruction, history or presence of inflammatory enteropathy or extensive intestinal resection or chronic diarrhea
Bulky disease (any single mass > cm). ->Grade  nausea or vomiting, and/or signs of intestinal obstruction.
Enteropathy-type intestinal lymphoma
Clinically significant gastro-intestinal disease, including uncontrolled inflammatory gastro-intestinal diseases
Intestinal obstruction
Has intestinal obstruction
Other known etiology of diarrhea (e.g. other enteric pathogen, other intestinal disease)
History of intestinal obstruction and/or clinical signs or symptoms of GI obstruction within  months prior to Day  of Cycle 
Bowel obstruction, history or presence of inflammatory enteropathy or extensive intestinal resection.
Patient suffering from ongoing vomiting from any organic etiology (including patients with history of gastric outlet obstruction or intestinal obstruction due to adhesions or volvulus, patients with a symptomatic central nervous system(CNS) tumor causing nausea and/or vomiting) or patient with hydrocephalus.
Histologically-confirmed chronic multifocal atrophic gastritis (MAG) and/or gastric intestinal metaplasia (GIM)
