Presence of measurable disease (Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors [RECIST] .): at least one lesion, not previously irradiated, that can be accurately measured at baseline as >=  mm in the longest diameter (except lymph nodes which must have short axis >=  mm) with computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and which is suitable for accurate repeated measurements
At least one measurable lesion that can be accurately assessed at baseline by computed tomography (CT) (magnetic resonance imaging [MRI] where CT is contraindicated) and is suitable for repeated assessment as per RECIST .\r\n* NOTE: If the only site of measurable of disease has been previously irradiated, there must be evidence of post-radiation progression; for a lesion to be considered as measurable, it must be one that can be accurately measured at baseline as ?  mm in the longest diameter (except lymph nodes which must have short axis ?  mm) with computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and which is suitable for accurate repeated measurements
At least  lesion that has not previously been irradiated, that has not been chosen for biopsy during the study Screening period,and that can be accurately measured at Baseline as ? mm in the longest diameter (except lymph nodes which must have short axis ? mm) with computerized tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), which is suitable for accurately repeated measurements.
At least one lesion, not previously irradiated, that can be accurately measured at baseline as ? mm in the longest diameter (except lymph nodes that must have short axis ? mm) with computerised tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) that is suitable for accurate repeated measurements.
At least one lesion that can be measured accurately at baseline as ?mm in the longest diameter (except lymph nodes which must have a short axis ?mm) with CT/MRI and which is suitable for repeated measurements per RECIST v.
Patients must have measurable GIST as defined by RECIST v . as at least one lesion not previously irradiated, that can be accurately measured at baseline >=  mm in the longest diameter (except lymph nodes which must have short axis >=  mm) with computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and which is suitable for accurate repeated measurements
At least  lesion that can be accurately measured at baseline as >=  mm in the longest diameter (except lymph nodes which must have a short axis >=  mm) with computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and that is suitable for accurate repeated measurements as per RECIST . guidelines
At least one lesion, not previously irradiated, that can be accurately measured as >=  mm in the longest diameter (LD) with spiral computed tomography (CT) scan or as >=  mm with conventional techniques (conventional CT, magnetic resonance imaging [MRI]) and which is suitable for accurate repeated measurements
At least  lesion, not previously irradiated, that can be accurately measured at baseline as >=  mm in the longest diameter (except lymph nodes, which must have a short axis >=  mm) with CT or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and that is suitable for accurate repeated measurements as per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . guidelines
Patients must have measurable disease as defined by RECIST; this is defined as at least one lesion, not previously irradiated, that can be accurately measured at baseline as >=  mm in the longest diameter (except lymph nodes which must have short axis >=  mm) with computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and which is suitable for accurate repeated measurements
At least one lesion prior to induction chemotherapy, not previously irradiated, that can be accurately measured at baseline as >=  mm in the longest diameter (except lymph nodes which must have short axis >=  mm) with computed tomography (CT), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) or clinical examination (for instance, palpable lymph node in neck) which is suitable for accurate repeated measurements; patients with measurable disease prior to induction docetaxel, cisplatin, -fluorouracil (TPF) chemotherapy who obtain a complete clinical response prior to assignment to protocol therapy (RT+ cetuximab + Olaparib) are still eligible for enrollment
At least one lesion that can be accurately assessed at baseline by CT/MRI and is suitable for repeated assessment.
histologically or cytologically documented solid tumor malignancies, including but not limited to  of the following: UBC, Metastatic PDAC, TNBC; Are intolerant, are ineligible for, or have refused treatment with standard first-line therapy; . At least  lesion, not previously irradiated, that can be accurately measured at baseline as ? mm in the longest diameter (except lymph nodes, which must have short axis ? mm) with computed tomography (CT) (preferred) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans and that is suitable for accurate repeated measurements.
CT/MRI evidence of measurable disease as per RECIST . defined as at least one lesion, not previously irradiated, that can be accurately measured at baseline as ?  mm in the longest diameter (except lymph nodes which must have short axis ?  mm) and which is suitable for accurate repeated measurements
At least  lesion, not previously irradiated, that can be accurately measured at baseline as ? mm in the longest diameter (except lymph nodes, which must have short axis ? mm) with computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan and that is suitable for accurate repeated measurements
At least one lesion, not previously irradiated and not chosen for biopsy during the study screening period, that can be accurately measured at baseline as ? mm in the longest diameter (except lymph nodes which must have short axis ? mm) with computerised tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) which is suitable for accurate repeated measurements
At least one lesion, not previously irradiated, and not chosen for a biopsy if performed during the screening period that can be accurately measured at baseline and which is suitable for accurate repeated measurements.
Participants must have measurable disease as defined in RECIST (v.) as the presence of at least one lesion, not previously irradiated, that can be accurately measured at baseline >=  mm in the longest diameter (except lymph nodes which must have short axis >=  mm) with computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and which is suitable for accurate repeated measurements
Inclusion Criteria: -\n\n          . Histologically or cytologically confirmed metastatic PDAC, no more than  prior\n             chemotherapy regimen\n\n          . Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group  or \n\n          . At least  lesion, not previously irradiated, that can be accurately measured at\n             baseline as ? mm in the longest diameter (except lymph nodes, which must have short\n             axis ? mm) with computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan\n             and that is suitable for accurate repeated measurements\n\n        Exclusion Criteria:\n\n          . Any concurrent chemotherapy, investigational product , biologic, or hormonal therapy\n             for cancer treatment.\n\n          . History of leptomeningeal carcinomatosis\n\n          . Ascites requiring intervention\n\n          . Brain metastases or spinal cord compression.
Presence of measurable disease: at least one lesion, not previously irradiated, that can be accurately measured at baseline as >=  mm in the longest diameter (except lymph nodes which must have short axis >=  mm) with computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and which is suitable for accurate repeated measurements
