Treatment with any other investigational agent within  weeks prior to randomization
Use of any investigational agent within  days prior to randomization.
Use of investigational agent within  days prior to randomization
Treatment with any investigational drug  days prior to randomization
Exposure to any therapeutic agent (investigational or conventional) within  days of date of randomization or to any agent for which  half lives have not elapsed
Exposure to any investigational agent within  days of date of randomization.
Treatment with any other investigational agent, or participation in another investigational drug trial within  days prior to randomization
Treatment with any other investigational agent, or participation in another investigational drug trial within  days prior to randomization
Any type of anticancer agent (including investigational) within  weeks before randomization.
Subjects enrolled in the current study must start treatment with the single hormone agent either within  days prior to randomization or after randomization (before or simultaneously to the first injection of Ra-/placebo).
Use of any investigational agent within  days of randomization.
Anti-cancer therapy or any treatment with an investigational agent within  days prior to randomization
Treatment with any investigational drug within  days prior to randomization
Exposure to any investigational agent, systemic chemotherapy, or therapeutic radiation within  days of enrollment (Part ) or randomization (Part ).
Investigational drug use within  days of randomization.
Use of investigational agent within  days prior to Randomization
Treatment with an investigational agent ?  days prior to randomization
Treatment with any other investigational agent, or participation in another investigational drug trial within  days prior to randomization
Exposure to any investigational agent within  days of date of randomization.
Exposure to any investigational agent within  days of Randomization.
Treatment with any other investigational agent within  days prior to randomization
Chemotherapy or investigational agent within  weeks prior to randomization or antibody therapy within  weeks prior to randomization
Use of any investigational agent within  days of randomization
Use of non-study investigational agent(s) =<  months prior to randomization
