Prior isotope therapy with strontium-, samarium or radium- within  weeks of treatment start
Radiotherapy </=  days of enrollment. Patients must be recovered from all acute radiotherapy-related toxicities. No radiopharmaceuticals (strontium, samarium) within  weeks of enrollment
At least  weeks must have elapsed from the use of palliative radiation, strontium-, radium-, or approved immunotherapy prior to registration
Prior treatment with radiopharmaceutical including radium-, strontium-, or samarium-
Prior treatment with -Strontium or -Samarium containing compounds (e.g. Metastron, Quadramet)
Prior isotope therapy with strontium-, samarium or RAD
Prior treatment with systemic radiopharmaceuticals (e.g., radium- and strontium-). Radiopharmaceuticals for the purpose of imaging are permitted. Focal palliative radiation to treat cancer-related pain is permitted provided that the last treatment with radiation is at least  days prior to Cycle , Day .
Systemic radiotherapy with strontium-, samarium-, rhenium- or rhenium- for the treatment of bony metastases within previous  weeks
Prior radiopharmaceutical therapy (e.g. radium-, strontium-, samarium-, etc.) within the past year
Received systemic therapy with radionuclides (e.g., strontium-, samarium-, rhenium-, or rhenium-, or radium Ra  dichloride) for the treatment of bony metastases
Received systemic therapy with radionuclides (e.g., strontium-, samarium-, rhenium-, or rhenium-, or radium Ra  dichloride) for the treatment of bony metastases
Systemic radiation therapy within  weeks, prior focal radiotherapy within  weeks, or radiopharmaceuticals (strontium, samarium) within  weeks prior to study treatment.
Received systemic therapy with radionuclides (e.g., strontium-, samarium- , rhenium-, or rhenium-, or radium Ra  dichloride) for the treatment of bony metastases
Prior systemic radiopharmaceuticals (strontium, samarium, radium  dichloride) must be completed >=  weeks prior to enrollment
Systemic strontium-, samarium-, rhenium-, or rhenium- for bone metastases within  weeks prior to initiation of study treatment
Systemic radiation therapy within  weeks, prior focal radiotherapy within  weeks, or radiopharmaceuticals (strontium, samarium) within  weeks prior to the first dose of study treatment.
Previous treatment with Samarium- or Strontium-.
Previous treatment with Samarium-, Strontium-, Rhenium- or Radium- within  months of starting (i.e., Cycle  Day ) EC
Prior systemic radiotherapy with strontium-, samarium-, rhenium- or rhenium-.
Patients who have previously received mithramycin, strontium-, samarium- or rhenium
Prior therapy with radium- or systemic radiotherapy (such as samarium, strontium)
Following prior treatments are not eligible:\r\n* Use of any investigational agent within  days preceding enrollment\r\n* Treatment with cytotoxic chemotherapy within previous  weeks\r\n* Failure to achieve =< grade  adverse events (AE) resolution from cytotoxic chemotherapy administered more than  weeks previous (however, ongoing neuropathy is permitted)\r\n* Received systemic therapy with radionuclides (e.g., strontium-, samarium-, rhenium-, or rhenium-, or Ra- dichloride) for the treatment of bony metastases
Received systemic therapy with radionuclides (e.g., strontium-, samarium-, rhenium-, or rhenium-, or radium Ra  dichloride) for the treatment of bony metastases
At least  weeks must have elapsed from the use of strontium-, radium- or any investigational or approved immunotherapy (e.g., Provenge) prior to starting study drug
At least  weeks must have elapsed from the use of strontium-, radium-, samarium-, or immunotherapy (e.g., Provenge) prior to beginning protocol therapy
Strontium-, samarium-, or radium- therapy within  weeks of cycle , day 
Radium-, strontium-, or samarium- therapy within  weeks of enrollment
Prior therapy with strontium-, samarium, rhenium- etidronate, chemotherapy or androgen biosynthesis inhibitors for prostate cancer is not allowed. Previous immunologic, homeopathic, natural, or alternative medicine therapies are acceptable provided treatment ended greater than  days prior to initiation of study drug
Treatment with radiotherapy within the past  weeks or radiopharmaceutical therapy (strontium, samarium) within the past  weeks
Systemic radiation therapy within  weeks, prior focal radiotherapy within  weeks, or radiopharmaceuticals (strontium, samarium) within  weeks prior to the first dose of study treatment.
Systemic radiation therapy within  weeks, focal radiotherapy within  weeks and radiopharmaceuticals (strontium, samarium) within  weeks prior to first dose of study treatment.
Systemic radiation therapy within  weeks, prior focal radiotherapy within  weeks, or radiopharmaceuticals (strontium, samarium) within  weeks prior to the first dose of study treatment.
Therapy with samarium-, strontium-, or radium- within  weeks prior to first dose of study drug.
Patients who received treatment with strontium- or samarium- are excluded, except prior samarium will be allowed provided it was administered >  year ago and/or the patient has demonstrated the ability to\r\nreceive cytotoxic chemotherapy without excess myelosuppression after receiving samarium.
Prior radiopharmaceutical therapy (e.g. radium-, strontium-, samarium-, etc) within the past  days
No history of radiopharmaceuticals (strontium, samarium) for prostate cancer treatment
Has received treatment with focal radiotherapy within  weeks, or radiopharmaceuticals (e.g., strontium, samarium) within  weeks of receiving cyclophosphamide on Day -
Prior use of Strontium- at any time or Samarium- within  days prior to randomization
Received systemic therapy with radionuclides (e.g. strontium-, samarium-, rhenium- or rhenium-) for the treatment of bone metastases
Any prior therapy with radium-, samarium, or strontium
No prior chemotherapy regimen; prior isotope therapy with strontium-, samarium or radium- (RAD) should be completed at least three months ( weeks) prior to treatment start
