Patients must not have a history of chronic liver disease (or cirrhosis)
Known history of chronic active hepatitis or liver cirrhosis (if suspected by laboratory studies, should be confirmed by liver biopsy).
EXCLUSION CRITERIA FOR SECOND-LINE THERAPY: Patients with chronic hepatitis C virus may be enrolled if there is no clinical/laboratory evidence of cirrhosis AND the patients liver function tests fall within the parameters
EXCLUSION CRITERIA FOR THIRD-LINE THERAPY: Patients with chronic hepatitis C virus may be enrolled if there is no clinical/laboratory evidence of cirrhosis AND the patients liver function tests fall within the parameters
History of chronic liver disease or evidence of hepatic cirrhosis
Patients who have severe liver disease including cirrhosis, grade III-IV elevations in liver function studies, or bilirubin in excess of . mg/deciliter
Patients with documented liver cirrhosis
Has a history of liver disease (including but not limited to cirrhosis).
Liver cirrhosis;
Known pre-existing liver disease (e.g. cirrhosis, chronic hepatitis B or C, nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, sclerosing cholangitis)
Liver cirrhosis
High risk for post-embolization hepatic failure:\r\n* Child's C cirrhosis\r\n* > % liver involvement by tumor
Liver cirrhosis with greater than grade  stage  inflammation/fibrosis
Not have a reported history of liver disease (e.g. cirrhosis)
Individuals with a reported history of liver disease (e.g. cirrhosis)
Pre-existing liver diseases (i.e., cirrhosis, chronic hepatitis B or C, nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, and sclerosing cholangitis, etc.)
Liver cirrhosis
Known (and biopsy-confirmed) liver cirrhosis; or, a reported history of liver cirrhosis with a model for end-stage liver disease (MELD) score > 
Patients with liver cirrhosis or other serious active liver disease or with suspected alcohol abuse
Liver dysfunction and/ or cirrhosis
Patients have known chronic liver disease (i.e., cirrhosis)
Liver cirrhosis
Pre-existing liver diseases (i.e. cirrhosis, chronic hepatitis B or C, nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, sclerosing cholangitis)
History of liver cirrhosis by radiologic, clinical or laboratory data, or biopsy despite normal liver function tests
Pre-existing liver diseases (i.e., cirrhosis, chronic hepatitis B or C, nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, and sclerosing cholangitis, etc.)
Chronic liver disease (e.g., cirrhosis)
Patients have known chronic liver disease (i.e., cirrhosis)
Patients must not have known liver disease such as cirrhosis, decompensated liver disease, active or chronic hepatitis
Subjects with liver cirrhosis (as determined by the investigator)
A history of cirrhosis or other chronic liver disease
Pregnant or nursing females . HIV or HTLV-/ seropositivity . Known history of myelodysplasia . Known history of chronic active hepatitis or liver cirrhosis (if suspected by laboratory studies, should be confirmed by liver biopsy).
Subjects must have no evidence of cirrhosis of the liver; fibrosis of the liver can be tested by Fibroscan or by liver biopsy; these should be performed within approximately a one year period prior to entry onto the study
Cirrhosis of the liver
Patients with liver cirrhosis or any other impaired hepatic function as determined by serum enzymes
d. Liver disease such as cirrhosis of the liver, decompensated liver disease, chronic active hepatitis needing anti-viral therapy
Diagnosis of liver cirrhosis
Patients with chronic hepatitis C virus may be enrolled if there is no clinical/laboratory evidence of cirrhosis AND the patients liver function tests fall within the parameters set
Pre-existing liver disease (e.g. cirrhosis, chronic hepatitis B or C, nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, sclerosing cholangitis)
Liver cirrhosis with greater than grade  stage  inflammation/fibrosis
Active liver disease including cirrhosis or hepatitis
Pre-existing liver disease: elevated international normalized ratio (INR) > . or elevated transaminase levels, or patient medical history of cirrhosis, or liver disease
Patients with liver cirrhosis
Patients with liver cirrhosis (as determined by the investigator)
Non-surgical cohort only: pathology report from clinical liver biopsy (=<  months prior to pre-registration) demonstrates no histologic abnormalities associated with chronic hepatitis, steatohepatitis, fibrosis, or cirrhosis
Acute or chronic liver disease, evidence of hepatitis (infectious or autoimmune), cirrhosis or portal hypertension
Known chronic liver disease (Childs B cirrhosis)
Have known cirrhosis or other risk factors for HCC, based on American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL) guidelines (applicable in each site jurisdictions)
Clinically or radiographically suspected liver damage, hepatic steatosis, hepatitis, hepatic fibrosis or cirrhosis
