Phase I only: Patients must have mean hemoglobin concentration < . g/dL of  measurements (not influenced by RBC transfusion within  days of measurement) and having received <  units of RBCs within  weeks prior to start of treatment OR,
No consecutive  days that was RBC transfusion-free during the  days immediately preceding Cycle  Day .
Administration of regular RBC transfusion therapy, defined as receiving  or more transfusion events per year (in the  months before enrollment) to prevent vaso-occlusive clinical complications (i.e. pain, stroke, and acute chest syndrome)
Serum conjugated (direct) bilirubin < x upper limit of normal for age as per local laboratory. Patients with hyperbilirubinemia as a consequence of hyperhemolysis, or who experience a sudden, profound change in the serum hemoglobin after a RBC transfusion are not excluded.
Red Blood cell transfusion dependent (defined as ?  RBC units required in the  weeks prior to starting in the study).
Prior Red blood cell (RBC) transfusion <  months prior to starting CC-.
Patients must have symptomatic anemia untransfused with hemoglobin =< . g/dL within  weeks of registration or with red blood cell (RBC) transfusion-dependence (i.e., >=  units/month) confirmed for a minimum of  weeks before randomization
Patients with hyperbilirubinemia as a consequence of hyperhemolysis or who experience a sudden, profound change in the serum hemoglobin after a RBC transfusion are not excluded
Hemoglobin ?  g/dL (uncorrected by RBC transfusion)
Patients who are receiving regularly scheduled blood (RBC) transfusion therapy (also termed chronic, prophylactic, or preventive transfusion) or have received a RBC transfusion for any reason within  days of signing the ICF
RBC transfusion-dependent anemia defined as: anemia requiring RBC transfusions of at least  unit of RBC every  weeks for hemoglobin =< . g/dL
PART  GROUP A INCLUSION CRITERIA: Hgb >=  g/dL (may receive RBC transfusion)
PART  GROUP  INCLUSION CRITERIA: Hgb >=  g/dL (may receive RBC transfusion)
Anemia or red blood cell (RBC)-transfusion dependence defined as follows: a) Anemia: defined for the purpose of this protocol as ) a hemoglobin level <  g/L on every determination over  days before study-entry, without RBC-transfusions, or ) a hemoglobin level <  g/L on a patient that is receiving RBC-transfusions periodically but not meeting criteria for transfusion-dependent patient as defined below; the baseline hemoglobin value for these subjects is the lowest hemoglobin level during the antecedent  days; b) RBC-transfusion-dependence: RBC-transfusion-frequency of >=  units packet red blood cell (PRBC)/ days averaged over  days immediately pre-study-entry; there must not be any consecutive  days without an RBC-transfusion during this interval
Anemic patient OR red blood cell (RBC)-transfusion-dependent patient
Clinical diagnosis of TDT with ?  documented RBC transfusion events per year on an annualized basis in the -years prior to screening
Medical history of RBC transfusion dependent anemia ? units of RBCs during the  weeks prior to admin of study drug & ? units of RBCs over prior  weeks (day - to day  prior to treatment; baseline period) for documented Hgb of ? g/dL (during baseline). Didn't have a  day RBC transfusion-free period during  weeks prior to administration of study drug.
Transfusion dependence, defined as having had transfusion (in the setting of active disease) of  or more units of RBC or platelets within  weeks prior to randomization.
Transfusion dependency defined by transfusion of at least  units of RBC (red blood cells) within  weeks before Screening; pre-transfusion Hgb (hemoglobin) values must be ?  g/dL to be taken into account.
Subjects with a history of bleeding related to cancer under study requiring a medical intervention (eg, embolization procedure, RBC transfusion, or hospitalization) within  days of study enrollment (Treatment Groups B and C only).
Red blood cell (RBC) transfusion dependent, ) Received at least  units of RBCs over any  consecutive weeks during the  weeks prior to randomization, ) Pretransfusion Hb must have been less than or equal to (<=). gram per deciliter (g/dL)
Residual Cancer Burden (RBC) classification II or III
Red blood cell (RBC) transfusion dependent, defined as requiring at least  RBC units transfused over an -week period during the  weeks prior to Study Entry; pre-transfusion hemoglobin (Hb) should be less than or equal to . gram per deciliter (g/dL) to count towards the  units total
Hemoglobin ? . g/dL (Use of erythropoietic stimulating factors and red blood cell [RBC] transfusion per institutional guidelines is allowed, however the most recent RBC transfusion may not have been done within  days prior to obtaining screening hemoglobin.)
Hematologic function, as follows (no platelet transfusion within  weeks and no RBC transfusion within  days before the first dose of study drug)
Platelet transfusion within  weeks and RBC transfusion within  days before the first dose of study drug
Requirement for RBC transfusion while on ruxolitinib treatment, OR
Residual Cancer Burden (RBC) classification II or III
EXPANSION COHORT ONLY: Hemoglobin >=  g/dL; subjects may not have had an RBC transfusion within  days of screening assessment
Hemoglobin ?  g/dL (uncorrected by RBC transfusion)
Transfusion dependent at baseline, defined as ?  U red blood cell (RBC) transfusion in the  weeks prior to first dose of MMB
History of transfusions <  RBC units and must not be RBC transfusion dependent
Subjects with documented diagnosis of a type of sickle cell disorder who require RBC Exchange or RBC Depletion/Exchange treatment.
Medically stable subjects who have been previously treated for sickle cell disease with RBC Exchange or RBC Depletion/Exchange.
Hemoglobin ? . g/dL within  days prior to randomization. Use of erythropoietic stimulating factors and red blood cell (RBC) transfusions per institutional guidelines is allowed, however most recent RBC transfusion may not have been done within  days prior to obtaining screening hemoglobin.
Received any red blood cell (RBC) transfusion within  days prior to randomization.
Plan to receive any RBC transfusion between randomization and study day .
meaningful worsening in RBC (RED BLOOD CELL) or platelet transfusion requirement Definition of stable disease is based on modified IWG (INTERNATIONAL WORKING GROUP)  criteria:
