Clinically confirmed as postmenopausal.
Participants must be fully postmenopausal
Postmenopausal status, defined as no menstrual cycle for  months or surgical removal of ovaries
A woman is considered to be of childbearing potential if she is not postmenopausal, has not reached a postmenopausal state (?  continuous months of amenorrhea with no identified cause other than menopause), and has not undergone surgical sterilization (removal of ovaries and/or uterus).
Only females are eligible. Menopausal status: i. Postmenopausal defined by:
Postmenopausal women\r\n* Postmenopausal if satisfies one or more of the following criteria: age greater than  years of age; having had a bilateral oophorectomy; amenorrhoeic for at least  months
Postmenopausal woman
Postmenopausal defined as:
For Part , postmenopausal women only
Patient is postmenopausal woman defined as either:
Be postmenopausal (defined as amenorrheic for at least  months)
have postmenopausal status
Postmenopausal women. Postmenopausal status is defined by the National Comprehensive Cancer Network as either:
Postmenopausal status as defined by the protocol
Postmenopausal women. Postmenopausal status is defined either by:
Postmenopausal women
Patient is postmenopausal
Have postmenopausal status
Postmenopausal status
Postmenopausal women
Subject is considered postmenopausal
Men and pre- and postmenopausal women are eligible
Patient is postmenopausal. Postmenopausal status is defined either by:
Postmenopausal women
Postmenopausal
Patient is postmenopausal.
Have postmenopausal status.
Postmenopausal status
Postmenopausal status.
Postmenopausal for at least  year OR
Postmenopausal women
Postmenopausal women
Have been postmenopausal for ? year
Postmenopausal women, defined by lack of a menstrual period for an entire year
Women who are postmenopausal by surgery, radiotherapy, or presence of natural amenorrhea >=  months
Postmenopausal women are defined as those with their last menstrual period more than  months prior to study entry; for the purpose of defining menopausal status for women who have had surgical cessation of their periods, women who no longer have menses due to hysterectomy and oophorectomy will be considered postmenopausal; women who no longer have menses due to hysterectomy without oophorectomy will be considered premenopausal until age  and postmenopausal thereafter
All other postmenopausal women are eligible for inclusion in the biennial screening regimen
Postmenopausal women (defined per provider discretion and notated in the medical record)
The study will be conducted in postmenopausal women
Postmenopausal women
Postmenopausal women. Postmenopausal status is defined either by:
Postmenopausal women defined as women with:
Women must be postmenopausal (defined as no menstrual cycle for  months or surgical history of bilateral salpingoopherectomy); postmenopausal women of all races and ethnic groups are eligible to participate for this trial; men are not eligible\r\n* Note: women who have had a hysterectomy without a bilateral salpingoopherectomy may still be pre-menopausal; confirmation of postmenopausal status is required for these patients and will be measured by testing levels of estradiol, progesterone and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) (lab ranges per institutional standards); in addition, confirmation of postmenopausal status may be performed in any patient with unclear menopausal status per treating physician discretion
