The patient and/or the patients legally authorized guardian must acknowledge in writing that consent to become a study subject has been obtained, in accordance with institutional policies approved by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
The subject or the subject's legally acceptable representative provides written, informed consent prior to the initiation of any study procedures.
The subject (or legally acceptable representative if applicable) provides written informed consent for the trial. The subject may also provide consent for future biomedical research. However the subject may participate in the main trial without participating in future biomedical research.
Be able to provide written, personally signed, and dated informed consent to participate in the study before completing any study-related procedures. As applicable, a parent/both parents or legally authorized representative (LAR) must provide signature of informed consent and there must be documentation of assent by the subject before completing any study-related procedures.
Subject or subject's legally acceptable representative has provided informed consent.
The donor and the patient and/or the patients legally authorized guardian must acknowledge in writing that consent to become a study subject has been obtained in accordance with the institutional policy approved by the United States (U.S.) Department of Health and Human Services
The patient and/or the patient's legally authorized guardian must acknowledge in writing that consent to become a study subject has been obtained in accordance with the institutional policies approved by the United States (U.S.) Department of Health and Human Services; informed consent must be signed prior to registration on study
Signed and dated written ICF by the patient or legally acceptable representative prior to any study-specific procedures
Patient or legally acceptable representative has granted written informed consent before any study specific procedures (including special Screening tests) are performed
 Subject has provided informed consent prior to initiation of any study-specific activities/procedures OR subject's legally acceptable representative has provided informed consent prior to any study-specific activities/procedures being initiated when the subject has any kind of condition that, in the opinion of the investigator, may compromise the ability of the subject to give written informed consent.
The subject must be able to provide written, personally signed, and dated informed consent to participate in the study before completing any study-related procedures. As applicable, a parent/both parents or legally authorized representative (LAR) must provide signature of informed consent and there must be documentation of assent by the subject before completing any study-related procedures.
Subjects must be able to understand the nature of this trial and provide written informed consent, prior to any study specific procedures; patients with Impaired Decision Making Capacity (IDMC) who have a close caregiver or legally authorized representative (LAR) may be considered eligible for this study at the treating physicians discretion, provided that the physician is reasonably sure that the possible risks and benefits of the study are clear and that the patient will take the drug as prescribed
The participant (or legally acceptable representative if applicable) provides written informed consent for the trial
Patient (or his or her legally accepted representative) has provided written informed consent to participate in the study
Ability to understand and sign an Independent Ethics Committee- or Institutional Review Board-approved informed consent document indicating that the subject (or legally acceptable representative) has been informed of all aspects of the trial and is willing and able to comply with scheduled visits, treatment plan, laboratory tests, and other study procedures. The informed consent document must be signed prior to the subject undergoing tests or procedures solely for determining study eligibility and prior to receiving any protocol treatment.
Signed written informed consent from either the subject, or their legally acceptable representative if the subject is incapable of giving their own consent, prior to performing any study-specific tests or procedures.
Subjects willing and able to give written informed consent to participate in the study and to adhere to the procedures stated in the protocol, or legally acceptable representative willing and able to give written informed consent on behalf of the subject for minors, unconscious adults and those incapable of consenting themselves due to their medical condition, or included as permitted by local regulatory authorities, IRB/IECs or local laws.
The patient or their legally acceptable representative must be capable of giving written informed consent prior to performing any study-specific tests or procedures.
 Subject or subject's legally acceptable representative has provided informed consent/assent prior to initiation of any study-specific activities/procedures.
Signed and dated Informed Consent Form (by the patient or a legally acceptable representative as per the local regulations).
Signed and dated informed consent form (by the patient or a legally acceptable representative as per the local regulations) obtained prior to initiation of any study-specific procedure and treatment.
The patient and/or the patient's legally authorized guardian must acknowledge in writing that consent to become a study subject has been obtained in accordance with the institutional policies approved by the United States (U.S.) Department of Health and Human Services; informed consent must be signed prior to registration on study
Before any study-specific procedure, the appropriate written informed consent must be obtained from the subject or a legally accepted representative.
Written informed consent obtained in accordance with institutional policies approved by the United States (U.S.) Department of Health and Human Services
Patient or the patient's legally authorized guardian must be fully informed about their illness and the investigational nature of the study protocol (including foreseeable risks and possible side effects), and must sign an informed consent in accordance with the institutional policies approved by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
The patient and/or the patients legally authorized guardian must acknowledge in writing that consent to become a study subject has been obtained, in accordance with institutional policies approved by the US Department of Health and Human Service
Patient or patient's legally acceptable representative cognitively provides written informed consent
Patient, or the patients legally acceptable representative, must provide a signed and dated written informed consent prior to registration and any study-related procedures
Patient or the patients legally acceptable representative must provide written informed consent prior to registration and any study-related procedures
Signed and dated informed consent document obtained prior to initiation of any study-specific procedure and treatment (by the subject or a legally acceptable representative as per the local regulations).
Subject's legally acceptable representative has provided informed consent/assent when the subject is legally too young to provide informed consent/assent and the subject has provided written assent based on local regulations and/or guidelines prior to any study-specific activities/procedures being initiated.
