Subject must understand and voluntarily sign an Informed Consent Form (ICF) prior to any study-specific assessments/procedures being conducted.
Understand and voluntarily sign informed consent prior to any study-related assessments or procedures are conducted and are able adhere to the study visit schedule and other protocol requirements
Subject (when applicable, parental/legal representative) must understand and voluntarily sign an ICF/IAF prior to any study-related assessments/procedures being conducted.
Understand and voluntarily sign an informed consent document prior to conducting any study related assessments or procedures
Can understand and voluntarily sign an informed consent form prior to any study-related assessments or procedures, and are able to adhere to the study visit schedule and other protocol requirements
Inclusion Criteria:\n\n        Subjects who meet the following criteria will be eligible to participate in the Long-Term\n        Follow-Up study:\n\n          . All adult and pediatric subjects who received at least one GM T cells infusion in a\n             previous Celgene sponsored or Celgene alliance partner sponsored study, and have\n             discontinued, or completed the post-treatment follow-up period in the parent treatment\n             protocol, as applicable.\n\n          . Subject (and, parental/legal representative, when applicable) must understand and\n             voluntarily sign an Informed Consent Form/Informed Assent Form prior to any\n             study-related assessments/procedures being conducted.\n\n          . Subject is willing and able to adhere to the study visit schedule and other protocol\n             requirements.\n\n        Exclusion Criteria:
Ability to understand and voluntarily sign informed consent prior to undergoing any study-related assessments or procedures, as well as adhere to the study visit schedule and other protocol requirements
Subject (when applicable, parental/legal representative) must understand and voluntarily provide permission to the ICF/IAF prior to conducting any study-related assessments/procedures.
Subject or his/her legally authorized representative or guardian understands and voluntarily signs an informed consent document prior to any study related assessments/procedures are conducted (except as noted in Section ).
Subject must understand and voluntarily sign an ICF prior to any study-related assessments/procedures being conducted
Subject must understand and voluntarily sign an informed consent form (ICF) prior to any study-related assessments/procedures being conducted.
Understand and voluntarily sign a biomarker-specific component of the informed consent form prior to any study-related procedures conducted.
Understand and voluntarily sign an ICD (Informed Consent Document) prior to any study related assessments/procedures are conducted.
Understand and voluntarily sign and date an informed consent document prior to any study related assessments/procedures are conducted.
Understand and voluntarily sign an informed consent document prior to any study related assessments/procedures are conducted.
Understand and voluntarily sign an informed consent document prior to any study related assessments/procedures are conducted.
Understand and voluntarily sign an informed consent prior to any study-related assessments or procedures are conducted and are able adhere to the study visit schedule and other protocol requirements
Understand and voluntarily sign an informed consent document prior to any study related assessments/procedures are conducted.
Ability to voluntarily provide informed consent to participate prior to any study-related assessments/procedures being conducted
Participant understands and voluntarily signs an informed consent document prior to any study related assessments or procedures are conducted.
The patient (when applicable) or patient's parent(s) or legal guardian(s) understand(s) and voluntarily signed an informed consent document prior to any study-related assessments/procedures being conducted. Where locally applicable, the patient also understands and voluntarily provides his/her assent prior to any study-related assessments/procedures being conducted.
Subject understands and voluntarily signs an informed consent document prior to conducting any study related assessments/procedures
Understand and voluntarily sign an informed consent document prior to any study related assessments/procedures being conducted.
Understand and voluntarily sign an informed consent form prior to any study related assessments/procedures being conducted.
Ability to understand and voluntarily sign informed consent prior to undergoing any study-related assessments or procedures, as well as adhere to the study visit schedule and other protocol requirements
Understand and voluntarily provide written consent to the Informed Consent Form prior to conducting any study related assessments/procedures.
Understand and voluntarily sign an informed consent document prior to any study-related assessments or procedures conducted.
Understand and voluntarily sign a biomarker-specific component of the informed consent document prior to any study-related procedures conducted.
Subject must understand and voluntarily sign an ICF prior to any study-related assessments/procedures being conducted.
The subject's parent(s)/legal guardian(s) understand(s) and voluntarily signed an informed consent document prior to any study-related assessments/procedures being conducted. Where locally applicable, the subject also understands and voluntarily provides his/her assent prior to any study-related assessments/procedures being conducted
Subject must understand and voluntarily sign an ICD prior to any study-related assessments/procedures being conducted.
