Prior radiation therapy to the chest [Period ]
Patients with N or N nodal disease or T primary disease must undergo liver and bone imaging (as described in .. and ..) within  days prior to randomization, irrespective of baseline lab results, and studies must not demonstrate metastatic disease. Chest imaging with chest x-ray PA and Lateral, CT of the chest, or PET-CT must also be performed.
Patients with any anginal chest pain; defined by a known diagnosis of angina; or defined by chest pressure, squeezing, radiating pain to arms, shoulders, or neck from the chest; with or without exertion
Prior radiation therapy to the chest, neck or axilla
Known history of current or recent clinical diagnosis of tuberculosis (within  months prior to enrollment). A chest x-ray (XR) will be performed to screen for active tuberculosis (TB) for patients who have a history of treated TB. A chest XR will be performed in all patients to screen for active TB unless there has been a prior chest XR or computed tomography (CT) scan of chest within  month of entry
Subjects receiving consolidative chest radiation
Patients must have pretreatment neck and chest imaging
Prior radiation to chest or abdomen, or to > % of the marrow cavity
Patients who have previously received therapeutic radiation therapy to the chest
Patients who have previously received therapeutic radiation therapy to the chest
Prior breast or chest radiotherapy for any indication
Participants who have received prior chest radiation are excluded
Chest x-ray negative for metastatic disease
Prior history of radiation to the chest
Prior radiation therapy for esophageal cancer or prior chest radiotherapy
Chest radiograph
Patients must not have received prior chest radiation therapy for NSCLC
Chest radiation ?  weeks prior to first dose
History of prior chest radiation therapy
Prior radiation to the chest or abdomen
Metastatic disease or regional lymph node involvement. Chest CT will be mandatory prior to enrollment to evaluate for the presence of metastatic disease. Pulmonary nodule(s) <  mm without a histological diagnosis may not be the basis for study exclusion given the lack of specificity of chest CT. If pulmonary nodule(s) >  mm are noted on chest CT but appear stable relative to prior chest imaging of at least  months duration, then this is permitted.
No prior radiation therapy to the chest, breast or supraclavicular fossa that would limit radiation delivery to the full prescription dose
Patients who have previously received radiation therapy to the chest or abdomen such that there would be overlap between the previous and current radiation field
Patients must have received prior radiation treatment to the chest; records of prior radiation treatment must be available
Patients who have never received radiation to the chest
Patients who received radiation to the chest within the past  months (in a region that overlaps with current radiation fields)
History of radiation therapy to the chest
Subject has acute chest syndrome
Chest X-ray within  month of registration
Subject has had chest compressions as part of CPR
No prior radiation therapy to the chest, neck or axilla
Previous radiation to the chest or breast
Were treated with ?  Gy of chest radiation therapy (RT) (recent revision with a lower dose threshold)
Have an interval from their chest RT to the time of enrollment of at least  years
Prior chest radiation or radiation for esophageal cancer
Subjects who have been treated with radiation therapy on the chest
Any history of radiotherapy to the chest prior to systemic therapy or planned consolidation chest radiation therapy (except paliative care outside of the chest).
Patients who received radiation to the chest within the past  months
