Residual CTCAE ? Grade  toxicity from any prior anticancer therapy, with the exception of Grade  alopecia or Grade  neuropathy
Recovery to =< grade  or baseline of any toxicity due to prior systemic treatments, excluding alopecia
At least two weeks from last systemic therapy for breast cancer, with recovery of all treatment related toxicity to grade  or less; subjects with =< grade  neuropathy are an exception to this criterion
At least two weeks from last radiation therapy, with recovery of all treatment related toxicity to grade  or less (excluding alopecia)
Recovery to =< grade  or baseline of any toxicities due to prior systemic treatments, excluding alopecia
Recovery to Grade  or baseline of any toxicity due to prior systemic treatments or radiotherapy (excluding alopecia).
ENROLLMENT TO THE DOSE ESCALATION, EXPANSION AND PART II: Patients must have recovered to =< grade  in terms of toxicity from prior treatments (excluding neuropathy which can be =< grade , and alopecia)
Patients with grade >  neuropathy or grade >  toxicity (except alopecia or anorexia) from prior therapy
Washout of at least  weeks from prior chemotherapy or targeted therapy that induces myelosuppression and recovery of treatment related adverse events to grade  or less, with the exception of alopecia, is required prior to the start of palbociclib
Grade >  toxicity from prior therapy (except alopecia or anorexia)
Have not recovered from toxicity of prior therapy defined as a return to < grade  at the time of dose assignment, graded according to CTCAE v. (excluding alopecia, neuropathy, and lymphopenia)
Recovery to grade ?  or to baseline from any adverse event (AE) derived from previous treatment (excluding alopecia and/or cutaneous toxicity and/or peripheral neuropathy and/or fatigue grade ? ).
Recovery from recent surgery, radiotherapy, chemotherapy or any other anti-cancer therapy to baseline or ? Grade  (other than alopecia); ? Grade  neuropathy allowed
Grade >=  toxicity (other than alopecia) continuing from prior anticancer therapy, including radiation
Inadequate recovery from adverse events related to prior therapy to grade ?  (excluding grade  alopecia and neuropathy)
At least  weeks after any prior chemoembolization, radioembolization, local ablative therapies, or hepatic radiation and recovery to =< grade  treatment-related toxicity
At least  weeks after any major surgery including prior hepatic resection and recovery to =< grade  treatment-related toxicity
Recovery to Grade  of any clinically significant toxicity (excluding alopecia) prior to initiation of study drug administration
have inadequate recovery* from adverse events resulting from previously-administered anti-cancer therapies; [*Note: Unless more specifically defined in Inclusion Criteria ,  and  above, adequate recovery is defined as improvement to ? Grade  for any other hematologic toxicity and for peripheral neuropathy, and improvement to ? Grade  for any other non-hematologic toxicity.]
Recovery (i.e., to grade  or baseline) from all clinically significant adverse event (AE)s related to prior therapies (excluding alopecia, neuropathy, and nail changes)
Inadequate recovery from adverse events related to prior therapy to grade =<  (excluding grade  alopecia and neuropathy)
At least  weeks (wks) since prior radiation or surgery with full recovery (no persistent toxicity >= grade )
Recovery to =< grade  from all toxicities associated with prior therapy except alopecia
Recovery from adverse events of previous systemic anti-cancer therapies to baseline or grade , except for:\r\n* Alopecia\r\n* Stable neuropathy of =< grade  due to prior cancer therapy
Recovery from adverse events of previous systemic anti-cancer therapies to baseline or grade , except for: \r\n* Alopecia\r\n* Stable neuropathy of =< grade  due to prior cancer therapy
At least  weeks from end of surgery, chemotherapy, or radiotherapy with resolution of any toxicity to grade  or less, excluding alopecia\r\n* NOTE: There is no washout for patients who have undergone cosmetic surgeries
At least  weeks since prior surgery with full recovery (no persistent toxicity >= grade )
Recovery to Grade  of any clinically significant toxicity attributed to prior anticancer therapy prior to initiation of study drug administration
Recovery to Grade  or baseline of any toxicities due to prior treatments, excluding alopecia
Grade >  toxicity from prior therapy (except alopecia or anorexia)
Grade >  toxicity from prior therapy (except alopecia or anorexia).
Inadequate recovery from adverse events related to prior therapy to grade =<  (excluding grade  alopecia and neuropathy)
Participant must have recovery to Grade  or  of any clinically significant toxicity (excluding alopecia) prior to initiation of study drug administration.
Recovery from the adverse effects ? grade ;
Recovery to Grade  of any clinically significant toxicity (excluding alopecia) prior to initiation of study drug administration
Current grade >=  toxicity (except alopecia) from prior therapy
Recovery (ie, to Grade  or baseline) from all clinically significant AEs related to prior therapies (excluding alopecia, neuropathy, and nail changes)
Recovery to ? Grade  or baseline of any toxicities due to prior systemic treatments, excluding alopecia;
At least a two-week washout period since the end of the last therapy (six weeks for a prior nitrosourea-containing regimen), recovery to grade ?  from any non-hematological adverse event (AE) derived from previous treatment (excluding alopecia).
Grade > toxicity from prior therapy (except alopecia or anorexia).
Current Grade greater than (>)  toxicity (except alopecia and anorexia) from prior therapy
Lack of recovery from all toxicity from previous therapy to grade  or baseline
Recovery to Grade  or baseline of any toxicity due to prior systemic treatments (excluding alopecia).
Toxicity related to prior therapy must either have returned to =< grade , baseline, or been deemed irreversible. Certain non-serious exceptions include alopecia, hypothyroidism, neuropathy, nausea, adrenocortical deficiency requiring physiologic replacement dose of steroids, and other conditions noted and approved by the PI.
Patients must be at least  weeks from prior chemotherapy, including biologics or targeted therapy (i.e. everolimus), or radiotherapy, or any investigational drug product, with adequate recovery of toxicity to baseline, or grade < , with the exception of alopecia and hot flashes; there is no washout period for prior endocrine therapy
Grade ?  toxicity (other than alopecia) continuing from prior anticancer therapy including radiation.
Inadequate recovery from any toxicity related to prior treatment (to grade  or baseline)
Recovery from non-hematological toxicities of prior therapy (including HSCT) to no more than grade  (except alopecia)
Patients must be at least  weeks from prior chemotherapy or radiotherapy, or any investigational drug product with adequate recovery of toxicity to baseline, or grade =< , with the exception of alopecia and hot flashes; there is no washout period for prior endocrine therapy
Adequate recovery from any adverse events resulting from prior anti-neoplastic treatment including chemotherapy, biological therapy, targeted small molecule therapy, radiation therapy, and surgery as determined by the investigator (and in consultation with the study PI); in most instances, adequate recovery is resolution to =< grade  except for alopecia of any grade, grade  neuropathy and/ or any grade hearing loss
Any unrecovered toxicity reactions of CTCAE version . > grade  caused by any previous therapy (excluding alopecia and neurotoxicity < grade )
Adequate recovery in the investigators opinion from any clinically significant toxicity from prior therapy
Toxicity recovery should include the following:\r\n* Grade =<  neuropathy\r\n* Grade =<  diarrhea\r\n* Grade =<  mucositis
Current Grade greater than (>)  toxicity (except alopecia and anorexia) from prior therapy or Grade > neuropathy from any cause
Recovery to grade ?  or to baseline from any AE derived from previous treatment (excluding alopecia of any grade).
Recovery to grade  or baseline of any toxicity due to prior anticancer therapies (excluding alopecia)
Failure to recover to Grade  or lower toxicity related to prior systemic therapy (excluding alopecia and neuropathy) prior to study entry
Lack of recovery from all toxicity from previous therapy to grade  or baseline
Recovery from prior therapy toxicity, defined as resolution of all treatment-related adverse events (AEs) to Grade ?  or pre-treatment baseline (except alopecia and lymphopenia).
Toxicity (except alopecia and anorexia) from prior therapy or neuropathy of grades >
Patients with inadequate recovery from acute toxicity associated with any prior antineoplastic therapy.
Patients with inadequate recovery from acute toxicity associated with any prior antineoplastic therapy
Has not recovered (ie, to ? Grade  or to baseline) from chemotherapy induced AEs. Note: Patient with ? Grade  neuropathy or ? Grade  alopecia is an exception to this criterion and may qualify for the study. Persistent > Grade  toxicity from prior cancer therapy
Has not recovered (ie, to ? Grade  or to baseline) from chemotherapy induced AEs. Note: Patient with ? Grade  neuropathy or ? Grade  alopecia is an exception to this criterion and may qualify for the study. Persistent > Grade  toxicity from prior cancer therapy
Current Grade >/=  toxicity (except for alopecia, anorexia and fatigue) from prior therapy or Grade >/=  neuropathy
Adequate recovery (to at least Grade ) from toxicity of prior therapy as follows:
At least a -week recovery from prior therapy toxicity.
Failure to recover to Grade  or lower toxicity related to prior systemic therapy (excluding alopecia and neuropathy) prior to study entry
Recovery to grade ?  from any AE derived from previous treatment (excluding alopecia and/or cutaneous toxicity and/or asthenia).
Recovery to Grade  of any clinically significant toxicity (excluding alopecia) prior to initiation of study drug.
Recovery from prior surgery and recovery from adverse events to grade  or less (except alopecia) due to prior radiation therapy and any systemic therapy.
