Severe liver dysfunction (Child-Pugh Class B or C) is not present; and
Child-Pugh class A
Patients with liver disease classified as Child Pugh class A or B, with score =< 
Chronic liver disease, Child-Pugh class B or C
Impaired liver function Child-Pugh class B or C (score -).
Child-Pugh class B and C liver failure
Obtained with  days of registration: Child Pugh class A (- points) or B ( points)
Child Pugh class B (,) and class C are excluded.
Child-Pugh class-A liver function
Child-Pugh class A or B liver function
Obtained =<  days prior to registration: If baseline liver disease, Child Pugh score not exceeding class A
Child Pugh class B or greater hepatic dysfunction
Child Pugh class B & C
Several hepatic impairments, define as Child-Pugh Class C or worse
Child-Pugh class A or B without ascites
Child Pugh class C hepatic dysfunction
Child-Pugh Class A without either current encephalopathy or ascites.
Child-Pugh Class A
Cirrhotic status of Child-Pugh class A or B
Liver function status Child-Pugh (CP) Class A. CP status should be calculated based on clinical findings and laboratory results during the screening period.
Liver disease with Child-Pugh class B or C liver dysfunction
HCC patients only: Child Pugh class A or B liver disease
Subject is classified into Child-Pugh class C
Has a Child-Pugh Class A liver score within  days of first dose of study drug.
Subject is classified into Child-Pugh class C
Child-Pugh Class A
Patients with hepatocellular carcinoma may be eligible provided they have total bilirubin ? . x ULN and are considered Child-Pugh Class A or Child-Pugh Class B (Child-Pugh Class B with a total Child-Pugh score not to exceed ).
Has a Child-Pugh Class A liver score within  days of first dose of study drug
Preserved liver function (Child-Pugh class A or B)
Subject has hepatic function status of Child Pugh Class A at Screening.
Subject has status of Child-Pugh Class B or C at Screening.
Child-Pugh class A
Child-Pugh liver function class A
Systemic disease that would prevent study treatment (uncontrolled hypertension, cardiovascular renal, hepatic (including Child-Pugh Class B and C) or metabolic disease)
Child-Pugh Class A or B.
Subject has Child-Pugh score of less than  (ie, class A or better) with neither encephalopathy nor clinically significant ascites (ascites requiring paracentesis within  months of signing the ICF is excluded). Child-Pugh status is calculated based on clinical findings and laboratory results during the screening period.
Child Pugh Class A disease
Child-Pugh class A with no clinically apparent ascites
Child-Pugh class of A
Child-Pugh Class B and C.
Patients with impaired hepatic function as defined by Childs-Pugh class B or C
Child Pugh Class A liver function score
Must be Child-Pugh class A a. Patients with uncontrolled massive ascites or presence of hepatic encephalopathy are excluded
Child Pugh class A or B liver disease
Child-Pugh Class A.
Child-Pugh Class A in the absence of hepatoencephalopathy or clinically evident ascites
Child Pugh class A liver function or class B
Child-Pugh class B and C liver failure
Child-Pugh liver function Class B or C.
