Patients who are otherwise felt unable to comply with the protocol, in the opinion of the investigator
Unwilling or unable to provide written informed consent, comply with study requirements, or be available for follow-up assessments
Assessed by the investigator to be unable or unwilling to comply with the requirements of the protocol
Patient is unwilling or unable to comply with study procedures, or is planning to take vacation for  or more consecutive days during the treatment phase of the study without prior consent from the medical monitor
Patients who, in the opinion of the investigator, are unable or unlikely to comply with the dosing schedule and study evaluations
Patients assessed by the investigator to be unable or unwilling to comply with the requirements of the protocol
Patients who, in the opinion of the investigator, are unable or unlikely to comply with the dosing schedule and study evaluations
Unable to comply with the requirements of the protocol, or unable to provide adequate informed consent in the opinion of the principal investigator
Is unwilling or unable to comply with study requirements
Patients who are not available for follow-up assessments or unable to comply with study requirements
Unstable psychiatric disorder that would render the patient unable to comply with study requirements.
Unable to comply with study requirements in the opinion of the Investigator.
Assessed by the Investigator to be unable or unwilling to comply with the requirements of the protocol.
Unable to provide informed consent or, in the opinion of the Principal Investigator, comply with the protocol.
Is, in the judgment of the investigator, unable or unwilling to comply with the requirements of the study.
Patients who, for medical or other reasons, are unable to comply with the study procedures
Unable to comply with the requirements of the protocol, or unable to provide adequate informed consent in the opinion of the principal investigator
Subjects who, in the opinion of the investigator, are unable or unlikely to comply with the dosing schedule and study evaluations
Subjects who in the opinion of the Investigator will be unlikely to fully comply with protocol requirements.
Patients unable to comply with the protocol as judged by the investigator.
Patient unable to consent or comply with study guidelines
Is unable to comply with study requirements
Assessed by the investigator to be unable or unwilling to comply with the requirements of the protocol
Unable to give informed consent or comply with clinical trial requirements
The patient or parent(s)/guardian(s) is/are unable to comply with the study visit schedule and other protocol requirements, in the opinion of the investigator.
Patients who, in the opinion of the investigator, are unable to comply with the requirements of the study protocol are not eligible
Patients who are not available for follow-up assessments or unable to comply with study requirements
Patient unable to comply with the protocol, in the opinion of the investigator.
Subject unwilling or unable to comply with study requirements
Unable to comply with treatment with the NovoTTF-A device
Subjects unable or unwilling to comply with the study visit schedule and requirements of the study
Subjects who are unable or unwilling to comply with all study requirements for clinical visits, examinations, tests, and procedures.
Is unwilling or unable to comply with study procedures, or is planning to take a vacation for  or more consecutive days during the treatment phase of the study
Unable to comply with study requirements in the opinion of the Investigator.
Assessed by the investigator to be unable or unwilling to comply with the requirements of the protocol
Patient is unable to comply with the requirements of the study.
In the view of the investigator, the patient can and will comply with the requirements of the protocol.
In the view of the investigator, the patient can and will comply with the requirements of the protocol.
Subjects who in the opinion of the Investigator will be unlikely to fully comply with protocol requirements.
Any patients who are unable to comply with the study procedures as determined by the study investigators
Has any other condition or prior therapy that in the opinion of the Investigator would make the patient unsuitable for the study and/or unable to comply with requirements for follow-up visits.
Any patient, in the opinion of the investigator, who is unable or unlikely to comply fully with the study requirements or procedures for any reason
Patients unwilling to comply with study requirements
Subjects unable or unwilling to comply with the study visit schedule and requirements of the study
If, in the opinion of the Investigator, the patient is deemed unwilling or unable to comply with the requirements of the Study
Subjects who the investigator believes can and will comply with the requirements of the protocol.
Subjects who the investigator believes can and will comply with the requirements of the protocol
Individuals who are unable to comply with photosensitivity precautions
Unable to provide informed consent or high risk that patient may not comply with\n             protocol requirements (i.e. due to health and/or participation in other research\n             studies).
