have a vasectomized partner with confirmed azoospermia. NOTES:
A vasectomized partner
do not have a vasectomized partner with confirmed azoospermia
vasectomized partner
Have a male partner who is vasectomized.
Be vasectomized, or
A vasectomized partner
Female sterilization (have had surgical bilateral oophorectomy with or without hysterectomy) or tubal ligation at least six weeks before taking study treatment. In case of oophorectomy alone, only when the reproductive status of the woman has been confirmed by follow up hormone level assessment; male sterilization (at least  months prior to screening). For female subjects on the study, the vasectomized male partner should be the sole partner for that subject.
Do not have a vasectomized partner with confirmed azoospermia.
Male sterilization (at least  months prior to screening). For female subjects on the study the vasectomized male partner should be the sole partner for that subject.
Male sterilization (at least  months prior to Screening). For female patients on the study the vasectomized male partner should be the sole partner for that patient
Male sterilization (at least  months prior to enrolling). For female patients on the study the vasectomized male partner should be the sole partner for that patient.
Male sterilization (at least  months prior to screening). For female patients on the study the vasectomized male partner should be the sole partner for that patient
Be vasectomized, or
All female patients not surgically sterile or post-menopausal (for at least  year) and non-vasectomized male patients must practice at least one of the following methods of birth control:\r\n* Total abstinence from sexual intercourse (minimum one complete menstrual cycle)\r\n* A vasectomized partner\r\n* Hormonal contraceptives for at least  months prior to day  of treatment\r\n* Double-barrier method
vasectomized partner (if vasectomized is the sole sexual partner and has received medical confirmation of surgical success)
Male sterilization (at least  m prior to screening). The vasectomized male partner should be the sole partner for that subject.
Tubal litigation in the female partner
Tubal ligation in the female partner.
Male partner sterilization, occurring at least  months prior to screening. For female subjects on the study, the vasectomized male partner should be their sole partner.
vasectomized partner(s);
Vasectomized partner with confirmed azoospermia.
PARTNER: Female/male intimate partner of a young breast cancer survivor who meets the above YBCS inclusion criteria
PATIENTS ONLY: Have a romantic partner with whom they have resided for a minimum of  months
Has a partner or spouse who is >= 
Lives with a romantic partner >=  months
monogamous relationship with vasectomized partner
Male sterilization (at least  months prior to enrolling). For female patients on the study the vasectomized male partner should be the sole partner for that patient.
Hysterectomy, or vasectomy of the partner (provided that partner is the sole sexual partner of the woman of childbearing potential trial participant and that the vasectomized partner has received medical assessment of the surgical success) In addition, the use of condoms for patients or their partners is required
