Chronic daily treatment with corticosteroids with a dose of >=  mg/day methylprednisolone equivalent (excluding inhaled steroids)
Patients with resected or irradiated brain metastases or those treated with stereotactic radiation therapy are eligible to enroll, provided that they do not require treatment with steroids that exceeds  mg of prednisone daily or equivalent
Ongoing treatment with chronic immunosuppressants (e.g., cyclosporine) or systemic steroids >  mg of prednisone (or equivalent) once daily (QD)
Subjects receiving immunosuppressive agents (such as steroids) for any reason should be tapered off these drugs before initiation of the trial treatment (with the exception of subjects with adrenal insufficiency, who may continue corticosteroids at physiologic replacement dose, equivalent to ?  mg prednisone daily). Note: Previous or ongoing administration of systemic steroids for the management of an acute allergic phenomenon is acceptable as long as it is anticipated that the administration of steroids will be completed in  days, or that the daily dose after  days will be ? mg per day of prednisone or equivalent.
Chronic use of corticosteroids more than mg daily prednisone equivalent during the past  weeks prior to planned start of MM-
Patients requiring chronic high dose immunosuppressants including steroids (prednisone daily equivalent of >=  mg)
Daily requirement for corticosteroids (>  mg prednisone once daily [QD] or equivalent)
No requirement of > . mg/kg of prednisone (or equivalent) daily dose within  week of randomization
Concomitant corticosteroids unless patient has been on a stable dose of prednisone (or equivalent) of =<  mg daily for at least  weeks prior to first dose of study drug
Must be on =<  mg of oral daily prednisone or equivalent for GVHD
Patients who have had chemotherapy or radiotherapy within  weeks prior to entering the study; patients may be receiving concomitant therapy with bisphosphonates and low dose corticosteroids (e.g., prednisone up to but no more than  mg by mouth daily or its equivalent) for symptom management and comorbid conditions; doses of corticosteroid should be stable for at least  days prior to study treatment
Steroid doses greater than an equivalent of prednisone  mg daily
Subject is receiving systemic steroids at doses greater than the equivalent of prednisone  mg daily, with the exception of intermittent use for the treatment of emesis
Receiving systemic steroid therapy of >  mg prednisone daily or equivalent\r\n* Note:\r\n** Corticosteroid use on study after cycle  for management of adverse events, serious adverse events, and events of clinical interest, as a premedication for IV contrast allergies/reactions, or if considered necessary for a subjects welfare is\r\nallowed\r\n** Subjects who receive daily steroid replacement therapy are an exception; daily prednisone at doses of  to . mg is an example of replacement therapy\r\n** Equivalent hydrocortisone doses are also permitted if administered as replacement therapy
Requirement for corticosteroids greater than the equivalent of  mg of prednisone daily for more than  weeks.
Medical history of autoimmune disease (e.g. Crohns disease, ulcerative colitis) or other disease requiring systemic glucocorticoid or immunosuppressive therapy; subjects who receive daily steroid replacement therapy serve as an exception to this rule; daily prednisone equivalent at doses up to  mg would qualify
Concurrent immunosuppressive therapy. A stable dose of prednisone < mg daily or inhaled corticosteroids are allowed.
Concurrent systemic steroid therapy if greater than the equivalent of  mg prednisone orally (PO) daily; patients previously on steroids must be off steroids for four weeks prior to treatment
Patients with treated supratentorial metastases are allowed if stable, the patient is off steroids or on a stable or decreasing dose of =<  mg daily prednisone (or equivalent) and no evidence of intracranial hemorrhage
Receiving corticosteroids at >  mg (age > ) or > . mg/kg (age < ) daily prednisone dose or equivalent.
At least  weeks beyond high dose systemic corticosteroids (however, low dose corticosteroids <  mg prednisone or equivalent daily are permitted).
Immunosuppressive corticosteroid doses (> mg prednisone daily or equivalent) within  weeks prior to the first dose of REGN
Patients requiring chronic systemic immunosuppressants, including steroids (prednisone daily equivalent of > mg).
Immunosuppressive corticosteroid doses (> mg prednisone daily or equivalent) within  weeks prior to the first dose of BI 
Ongoing glucocorticoids (prednisone >  mg daily, or equivalent); higher doses (>  mg daily) are permitted for up to  days to help control disease related symptoms
Had treatment with a short course of corticosteroids (> mg daily prednisone equivalents) for symptom relief within -week prior to screening.
Patients who have received prior immunotherapy whose side effects have resulted in a requirement of immunosuppressive medications (>  mg of prednisone daily or equivalent daily steroid daily, or infliximab, cyclosporine or equivalent immunosuppressive medication) or who have other autoimmune conditions that require immunosuppressive medications as above at the time of screening are excluded
Patients who require emergent use of systemic steroids, chronic use of prednisone (greater than mg or an equivalent steroid dose daily) or emergent surgery and/or radiotherapy.
Chronic daily treatment with corticosteroids with a dose of greater than or equal to  mg/day methylprednisolone equivalent (excluding inhaled steroids).
The subject can be on one or more of the following: prednisone (or equivalent corticosteroid) dose =<  mg, daily mycophenolate mofetil dose =<  mg/d and cyclosporine/tacrolimus at =< therapeutic blood trough levels; the doses listed are the highest allowed for eligibility
No chronic systemic corticosteroids (defined as the equivalent of prednisone >=  mg orally [PO] daily for >  months during the past year)
Immunosuppressive or systemic hormonal therapy (>  mg daily prednisone equivalent) within  weeks prior to first administration of IMP and during study; allowed therapies are specified in the protocol.
Patients requiring corticosteroids use at doses greater than prednisone  mg daily equivalent (use of inhaled steroids, and short-term steroid for radiologic contrast allergy, or treatment of immune-related adverse events are allowed)
Systemic (oral/intravenous [IV]/intramuscular [IM]) corticosteroids; patients on chronic stable dose of steroids at an equivalent dose of prednisone ?  mg daily may be permitted to enroll at the discretion of principal investigator
Receiving immunosuppressive agents or >  mg daily prednisone or equivalent of corticosteroids
Prior treatment with small molecule BET family inhibitor or receiving steroids >the equivalent of mg prednisone daily
Daily requirement for corticosteroids (>  mg prednisone daily or equivalent) (except for inhalation corticosteroids) within  weeks prior to Cycle , Day 
Need for daily corticosteroids at high doses (prednisone >=  mg daily, or an equivalent) is prohibited from  days prior to first dose and during treatment with ibrutinib; brief (up to  days) and episodic use of systemic corticosteroids for other general conditions (e.g. pre-medication for radiographic imaging due to intravenous [IV] contrast allergy, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease [COPD] exacerbation, poison ivy, etc.) is allowed
At least  weeks from prior therapy to time of start of treatment; prior therapy includes steroids (except for =<  mg daily prednisone or equivalent which is permitted during the study)
Chronic daily treatment with corticosteroids with a dose of >=  mg/day methylprednisolone equivalent (excluding inhaled steroids)
Concurrent steroids allowed (up to equivalent of prednisone  mg daily, on taper or stable dose for at least  weeks)
Systemic corticosteroids at doses greater than mg hydrocortisone daily or equivalent for any reason other than treatment of prostate cancer (PCa) within the previous  months
Immunosuppressive corticosteroid doses (> mg prednisone daily or equivalent) within  weeks prior to the first dose of REGN
Subjects receiving immunosuppressive agents (such as steroids) for any reason should be tapered off these drugs before initiation of the trial treatment (with the exception of subjects with adrenal insufficiency, who may continue corticosteroids at physiologic replacement dose, equivalent to <=  mg prednisone daily).
Daily requirement for corticosteroids ? prednisone  mg/day or equivalent.
Chronic daily treatment with corticosteroids with a dose of greater than or equal to  mg/day methylprednisolone equivalent (excluding inhaled steroids), or any other immunosuppressive drugs.
No corticosteroids, or on a stable or decreasing dose of ?  mg daily prednisone (or equivalent)
Patients requiring daily corticosteroids at a prednisone equivalent of >=  mg daily should not be enrolled; if corticosteroids can be discontinued (or reduced to <  mg per day of prednisone or equivalent), the discontinuation or dose reduction should be done at least  days prior to first dose
At least  weeks from last dose of therapeutic glucocorticosteroids. Adrenal replacement doses of glucocorticosteroids (up to the equivalent of  mg daily prednisone) are allowed.
Concomitant medications that include corticosteroids, chemotherapy, or other therapy that is or may be active against AITL, within the two weeks prior to treatment start. Concurrent corticosteroids are allowed, provided they are administered at an equivalent prednisone dose of ?  mg daily, as premedication for blood products only.
Chronic daily treatment with oral corticosteroids (dose of >  mg/day prednisone equivalent) or other immunosuppressive medications within  days of randomization
Systemic steroids are allowed as long as they are tapered to the equivalent of  milligrams (mg) prednisone daily or less by the start of cycle 
Planned concurrent treatment with systemic high dose corticosteroids; patients may be on a stable low dose of steroids (<  mg equivalent of prednisone) for chronic respiratory conditions
Medical condition requiring chronic use of high dose systemic corticosteroids (i.e., doses of prednisone higher than  mg/day or equivalent); brief (<  days) treatment with glucocorticoids (prednisone  mg by mouth daily, or equivalent) is acceptable
Treatment with oral or parenteral corticosteroids dosed greater than  mg hydrocortisone daily or its equivalent (e.g., prednisone  mg, prednisolone  mg, or decadron  mg) =<  weeks of treatment initiation; or a clinical requirement for ongoing systemic immunosuppressive therapy
Subjects requiring daily corticosteroids at a prednisone equivalent of >  mg daily should not be enrolled; if corticosteroids can be discontinued (or reduced to <  mg per day or prednisone equivalent), the discontinuation or dose reduction should be done at least  days prior to the first dose
Current chronic daily treatment with corticosteroids (dose > mg methylprednisolone or equivalent [excluding inhaled steroids])
Current chronic daily treatment (continuous for >  months) with corticosteroids (dose equivalent to or greater than  mg/day methylprednisolone), excluding inhaled steroids
Chronic daily treatment with corticosteroids with a dose of greater than or equal to  mg/day methylprednisolone equivalent (excluding inhaled steroids).
Short-course corticosteroids are permissible in the following circumstances:\r\n* Short course systemic corticosteroids for disease control, improvement of performance status or non-cancer indication (<  days) must have been discontinued prior to study treatment\r\n* Ongoing administration of a stable dose of corticosteroid therapy (equivalent to <  mg prednisone daily and previously received for >=  days) is permissible provided there is evidence of measurable disease and there will be no increase in steroid dose during the clinical trial
Patients requiring daily corticosteroids at a prednisone equivalent of >=  mg daily should not be enrolled; if corticosteroids can be discontinued (or reduced to <  mg per day of prednisone or equivalent), the discontinuation or dose reduction should be done at least  days prior to first dose
Patients requiring daily corticosteroids at a prednisone equivalent of >  mg daily should not be enrolled; if corticosteroids can be discontinued (or reduced to <  mg per day of prednisone or equivalent), the discontinuation or dose reduction should be done at least  days prior to first dose
Requirement for steroid use greater than  mg of prednisone daily
Treatment including chemotherapy, chemoimmunotherapy, monoclonal antibody therapy, radiotherapy, high-dose corticosteroid therapy (prednisone >=  mg daily, or equivalent), or immunotherapy within  weeks prior to enrollment or concurrent with this trial
Is taking chronic systemic steroids (in doses exceeding  mg daily of prednisone equivalent) within  days prior to the first dose of study treatment
High dose steroids greater to or equal to  mg prednisone/day (or equivalent) within  months of randomization. No more than  mg prednisone (or equivalent) daily at the time of randomization
Subjects who will be or are currently being treated with high dose estrogen (high dose is defined as >.mg daily as conjugated estrogens or equivalent) within  days prior to study enrollment
Discontinuation of any glucocorticoids prescribed to specifically treat prostate cancer (e.g., as a secondary hormonal manipulation) >  weeks prior to receiving first dose of study drug. Glucocorticoids prescribed for a chronic non-cancer-related illness (e.g., asthma or COPD) that is well controlled with medical management are permissible to an equivalent of ?  mg prednisone daily.
Systemic treatment with high dose corticosteroids (greater than Prednisone mg daily or equivalent).
Active treatment with an oral or IV glucocortocoid for ? weeks at a daily dose equivalent to or greater than . mg of oral prednisone
Active treatment with an oral or IV glucocortocoid for ? weeks at a daily dose equivalent to or greater than . mg of oral prednisone
Chronic daily treatment with corticosteroids (dose >  mg/day methylprednisolone equivalent) excluding inhaled steroids
Active treatment with an oral or IV glucocortocoid for ? weeks at a daily dose equivalent to or greater than . mg of oral prednisone
Active treatment with an oral or IV glucocortocoid for ? weeks at a daily dose equivalent to or greater than . mg of oral prednisone
Patients who are on chronic steroids for unrelated conditions (i.e. rheumatologic conditions) are not eligible if their total daily dose of steroids is equivalent to greater than  mg prednisone
Receiving chronic, systemic treatment with corticosteroids or another immunosuppressive agent ?  mg prednisone or equivalent daily.
Immunosuppressive corticosteroid doses (> mg prednisone daily or equivalent) within  weeks prior to the first dose of REGN
Current chronic daily treatment with corticosteroids (>/=  mg/day methylprednisolone or equivalent), excluding inhaled steroids
Daily requirement for corticosteroids (except for inhalational corticosteroids); prednisone =< mg/day or equivalent is permitted for other medical conditions
Use of corticosteroids as defined by a daily dose of prednisone (or equivalent) of  mg or greater for more than  month continuously within  months of screening
Treatment with high-dose corticosteroids for anticancer purposes within  days before the first dose of TAK-; daily dose equivalent to  mg oral prednisone or less is permitted. Corticosteroids for topical use or in nasal spray or inhalers are allowed.
High dose steroid therapy (defined as >  mg prednisone, or equivalent, daily)
On strong opioids with morphine equivalent daily dose of - mg for at least one week, with stable (i.e. +/- %) regular dose over the last  hours
Is receiving high dose corticosteroids (> mg prednisone daily or equivalent);
On strong opioids with morphine equivalent daily dose of - mg for at least one week, with stable (i.e. +/- %) regular dose over the last  hours
On strong opioids with morphine equivalent daily dose of - mg, with stable (i.e. +/- %) regular dose over the last  hours
Patients with a history of severe chronic pain on high dose narcotics (>  mg of oxycodone or equivalent daily) preceding diagnosis of cancer
Treatment with high-dose corticosteroids for anticancer purposes within  days before the first dose of TAK-; daily dose equivalent to  mg oral prednisone or less is permitted. Corticosteroids for topical use or in nasal spray or inhalers are allowed.
