Evidence of myeloid engraftment. Use of growth factor supplementation is allowed.
Hematopoietic growth factors: >=  days after the last dose of a long-acting growth factor (e.g. pegfilgrastim) or  days for short-acting growth factor; for agents that have known adverse events occurring beyond  days after administration, this period must be extended beyond the time during which adverse events are known to occur; the duration of this interval must be discussed with the study chair and the study-assigned research coordinator
At least  days after the last dose of a long-acting growth factor (e.g. Neulasta) or  days for short-acting growth factor; for agents that have known adverse events occurring beyond  days after administration, this period must be extended beyond the time during which adverse events are known to occur; the duration of this interval must be discussed with the study chair
Patients must be off all colony- forming growth factor(s) for at least  week prior to enrollment (i.e. filgrastim, sargramostim or erythropoietin);  weeks must have elapsed if patients received long-acting formulations
At least  days after the last dose of a long-acting growth factor (e.g. Neulasta) or  days for short-acting growth factor; for agents that have known adverse events occurring beyond  days after administration, this period must be extended beyond the time during which adverse events are known to occur; the duration of this interval must be discussed with the study chair
Patients must be off all colony forming growth factors(s) for at least  week prior to registration (filgrastim, sargramostim, erythropoietin) and at least  weeks for long-acting formulations (e.g. NEULASTA)
Hematopoietic growth factors: at least  days after the last dose of a long-acting growth factor (e.g. pegfilgrastim) or  days for short acting growth factor; for agents that have known histologic verification of malignancy at original diagnosis or relapse events occurring beyond  days after administration, this period must be extended beyond the time during which adverse events are known to occur; the duration of this interval must be discussed with the study chair
Growth factor(s): Must not have received within  week of entry onto this study.
Growth factors: off all colony forming growth factor(s) for at least  week prior to registration (filgrastim, sargramostim, erythropoietin) and at least  weeks for long-acting formulations
Patients must be off all colony-forming growth factor(s) for at least  week prior to registration (e.g. filgrastim, sargramostim, erythropoietin);  weeks must have elapsed for long-acting formulations
INCLUSION CRITERIA FOR STRATUM C: Patients must be off all colony-forming growth factor(s) for at least  week prior to registration (i.e. filgrastim; sargramostim; erythropoietin);  weeks must have elapsed for long-acting formulations
Growth factors: all colony forming growth factor(s) have been discontinued for at least one week prior to enrollment (filgrastim, sargramostim, and erythropoietin); for patients on long acting growth factors, the interval should be two weeks
Therapy with a growth factor within  days of starting study drug
Patients must be off all colony-forming growth factor(s) for at least  week prior to registration (filgrastim, sargramostim, erythropoietin) and at least  weeks for long-acting formulations
Subject has received colony-stimulating growth factor(s) within  days prior to screening (or within  days if subject received polyethylene glycol formulations).
Must not have received a long-acting growth factor (eg, Neulasta) within  days or a short-acting growth factor within  days.
Patients must not have received growth factor(s) within  week of entry onto this study
Hematopoietic growth factor (At least  days from last dose of hematopoietic growth factor prior to first dose of tazemetostat)
Treatment with hematopoietic growth factors (granulocyte-colony stimulating factor [G-CSF]):\r\n* Long-acting (e.g., Neulasta) within  days prior to study entry\r\n* Short-acting (e.g., Neupogen) within  days prior to study entry
At least  days must have passed after the last dose of a long-acting growth factor (e.g. Neulasta) or  days for short-acting growth factor
At least  days after the last dose of a long-acting growth factor (e.g. Neulasta) or  days for short-acting growth factor.
Growth factor(s): must not have received within  weeks of entry onto this study
ANC greater than or equal to  ( days after last dose of growth factor)
Hematopoietic growth factors: ? days after the last dose of a long-acting growth factor (eg, Neulasta) or  days for a short-acting growth factor. For agents that have known adverse events (AEs) occurring beyond  days after administration, this period must be extended beyond the time during which AEs are known to occur.
Patients must be off all colony- forming growth factor(s) for at least  week prior to enrollment (i.e., filgrastim, sargramostim or erythropoietin);  weeks must have elapsed if patients received polyethylene glycol (PEG) formulations
Hematopoietic growth factors: at least  days after the last dose of a long-acting growth factor (e.g. Neulasta) or  days for short-acting growth factor; for agents that have known adverse events occurring beyond  days after administration, this period must be extended beyond the time during which adverse events are known to occur; the duration of this interval must be discussed with the study chair
At least  days since the completion of therapy with a growth factor
Hematopoietic growth factor (At least  days from last dose of hematopoietic growth factor prior to first dose of tazemetostat)
Hematopoietic growth factor At least  days
Treatment with a long-acting hematopoietic growth factor within  weeks prior to initiation of study drug or a short-acting hematopoietic growth factor within  week prior to initiation of study drug
Hematopoietic growth factor; at least  days from last dose
Evidence of myeloid engraftment. Use of growth factor supplementation is allowed.
Patients with the factor interacting with poly(A) polymerase alpha (PAPOLA) and cleavage and polyadenylation specific factor  (CPSF) (FIPL)-platelet-derived growth factor receptor, alpha polypeptide (PDGFRalpha) fusion even with resistance to imatinib (such patients are no longer defined as systemic mastocytosis by the WHO)
Prior therapy with agents targeting Insulin Growth Factor (IGF) and/or Insulin Growth Factor Receptor (IGFR) pathway.
Patients must not have received long-acting myeloid growth factors (e.g., Neulasta) within  days of entry on this study; seven days must have elapsed since administration of a short acting myeloid growth factor
Patients must be off all colony-forming growth factor(s) for at least  week prior to enrollment (i.e. filgrastim, sargramostim); two weeks must have elapsed if patients received polyethylene glycol (PEG) formulations
Hematopoietic growth factor (granulocyte growth factor, erythropoiesis stimulating agent, thrombopoietin mimetic) within  days prior to Randomization
Hematopoietic growth factors: At least  days since the completion of therapy with a growth factor,  days for long-acting (e.g. polyethylene glycol [PEG]-filgrastim)
At least  days since the completion of therapy with a hematopoietic growth agent (filgrastim, sargramostim, and erythropoietin) and  days for long-acting formulations
Hematopoietic growth factors: ? days after the last dose of a long-acting growth factor or  days for short-acting growth factor. For agents that have known adverse events occurring beyond  days after administration, this period must be extended beyond the time during which adverse events are known to occur
Growth factor(s): must not have received within  weeks of entry onto this study
Subject has received blood transfusions or hematopoietic growth factor therapy within  days prior to the first dose of study drug.
RECURRENT/ PROGRESSIVE DIPG (STRATUM ): Patients must be off all colony-forming growth factor(s) for at least  days prior to enrollment (i.e. filgrastim, sargramostim or erythropoietin);  days must have elapsed if patients received poly(ethylene glycol) (PEG) formulations
NON-PROGRESSED DIPG (STRATUM ): Patients must be off all colony-forming growth factor(s) for at least  days prior to enrollment (i.e. filgrastim, sargramostim or erythropoietin);  days must have elapsed if patients received PEG formulations
At least  days after the last dose of a long-acting growth factor (e.g. Neulasta) or  days for short-acting growth factor; for agents that have known adverse events occurring beyond  days after administration, this period must be extended beyond the time during which adverse events are known to occur; the duration of this interval must be discussed with the study chair
Growth factors: Must be off growth factor(s) >  week prior to study entry (filgrastim [GCSF], sargramostim [GM CSF], erythropoietin).
At least  days since the completion of therapy with a growth factor and at least  days since pegfilgrastim (Neulasta) administration
Treatment with amifostine or palifermin (keratinocyte growth factor) during radiotherapy
