Residual side effects to previous therapy > grade  prior to randomization (Alopecia any grade and/or neuropathy grade  without pain are permitted)
All acute toxic effects of any prior radiotherapy, chemotherapy, or surgical procedure must have resolved to grade less than or equal to (<=) , except alopecia (any grade) and Grade  peripheral neuropathy
All acute toxic effects of any prior antitumor therapy resolved to Grade ? before baseline, with the exception of alopecia and neurotoxicity (CTCAE Grade  or  permitted).
Be fully recovered from major surgery and from the acute toxic effects of prior chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Residual chronic toxicities of prior therapy ? grade  (eg, peripheral neuropathy, residual alopecia) are allowed.
Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior therapy or surgical procedures to Grade ? (except alopecia).
All clinically significant toxic effects (except peripheral neuropathy) of prior locoregional therapy, surgery, or other anticancer therapy have resolved to =< CTCAE grade 
All acute toxic effects of any prior radiotherapy, chemotherapy, or surgical procedure must have resolved to Grade less than or equal to (<=) , except alopecia (any grade) and Grade  peripheral neuropathy
Participants must have fully recovered from the acute toxic effects of all prior treatment to grade  or less, except alopecia and =< grade  neuropathy which are allowed
Residual side effects to previous therapy > Grade  prior to initiation of therapy (Alopecia any grade and/or neuropathy Grade  without pain are permitted)
All acute toxic effects of any prior radiotherapy, chemotherapy, or surgical procedure must have resolved to grade less than or equal to , except alopecia (any grade) and grade  peripheral neuropathy
All acute toxic effects of any prior antitumor therapy resolved to Grade .
All acute toxic effects of any prior antitumor therapy resolved to ?Grade  before the start of study therapy (with the exception of alopecia [Grade  or  permitted], or neurotoxicity [Grade  or  permitted], or selected laboratory parameters [Grade  or Grade  permitted with exceptions as noted below]).
Resolved acute effects of prior therapy
Recovery from non-hematologic toxic effects of prior therapy to grade ?  (except alopecia) by NCI CTCAE Version .;
Residual side effects to previous therapy > grade  prior to initiation of therapy (alopecia any grade and/or neuropathy grade  without pain are permitted)
Effects of any other prior therapies not reverted to ? Grade  (or ? Grade  for alopecia and peripheral neuropathy).
Patient must have recovered from the acute toxic effects (? grade  CTCAE v..) of previous anti-cancer treatment prior to study enrollment; the only exception is that grade  neuropathy is permitted
Resolved acute effects of any prior AML/MDS therapy to baseline or ? Grade  CTCAE severity.
All side effects attributed to prior anti-cancer therapy must have resolved to Grade  or baseline
All acute toxic effects of any prior radiotherapy, chemotherapy, experimental drug treatment or surgical procedure must have resolved to grade =< , except alopecia (any grade) and peripheral neuropathy
All acute toxic effects of any prior radiotherapy, chemotherapy, or surgical procedure must have resolved to grade =< , except alopecia (any grade) and < grade  peripheral neuropathy
Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior therapy, including radiotherapy to grade ?  (except toxicities not considered a safety risk for the patient) and recovery from surgical procedures
CERITINIB INCLUSION CRITERIA: Resolution of all acute toxic effects (excluding alopecia) of prior radiotherapy, chemotherapy or surgical procedures to CTCAE v. grade =< 
REGORAFENIB INCLUSION CRITERIA: Resolution of all acute toxic effects (excluding alopecia) of prior radiotherapy, chemotherapy or surgical procedures to CTCAE v. grade =< 
ENTRECTINIB INCLUSION CRITERIA: Resolution of all acute toxic effects (excluding alopecia) of prior radiotherapy, chemotherapy or surgical procedures to CTCAE v. grade =< 
All acute toxic effects of any prior treatment have resolved to NCI-CTCAE v . Grade  or less (except alopecia) at the time of signing the Informed Consent Form (ICF)
Subjects in the combination treatment cohort must not have: a history or evidence of psychiatric, substance abuse, or any other clinically significant disorder; toxic effects of the most recent prior chemotherapy not resolved to grade  or less (except alopecia); or expected other cancer therapy while on study with the exception of local radiation to the site of bone or other metastasis for palliative treatment.
Resolution of any toxic effects of prior therapy to Grade ? according to NCI CTCAE, version . (exception of alopecia and ? Grade  peripheral neuropathy).
All acute toxic effects of any prior antitumor therapy must be resolved to grade ?  before enrollment, with the exception of alopecia (any grade permitted), or bone marrow parameters (any grades permitted)
Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior therapy or surgical procedure to grade  or baseline prior to randomization
Persisting effects of any previous or ongoing treatment ? grade  that might compromise delivery of study treatment or assessment of adverse events (except alopecia or neuropathy ? grade  without pain)
Patients must have fully recovered from major surgery and from the acute toxic effects of prior chemotherapy and radiotherapy (residual grade  toxicity, e.g., grade  peripheral neuropathy, and residual alopecia are allowed)
Patients must have fully recovered from major surgery and from the acute toxic effects of prior chemotherapy and radiotherapy - residual grade  toxicity, e.g., grade  peripheral neuropathy and residual alopecia are allowed
All acute toxic effects of any prior radiotherapy, chemotherapy, or surgical procedure must have resolved to Grade less than or equal to  or returned to baseline except alopecia (any grade) and Grade  peripheral neuropathy
All acute toxic effects of any prior antitumor therapy resolved to Grade ?  before the start of study drug
Resolution of all clinically relevant acute non-hematologic toxic effects of any prior antitumor therapy resolved to Grade <=
Resolved acute effects of any prior therapy to baseline or Grade ?
All acute toxic effects of any prior antitumor therapy resolved to Grade ?  before the start of study drug dosing (with the exception of alopecia [Grade  or  permitted] and neurotoxicity [Grade  or  permitted])
Patients must have fully recovered from major surgery and from the acute toxic effects of prior chemotherapy and radiotherapy (residual grade  toxicity, e.g. grade  peripheral neuropathy, and residual alopecia are allowed)
Resolution of (non-laboratory) adverse effects of recent surgery, radiotherapy, or chemotherapy to grade =< prior to first study treatment (with the exception of alopecia or neuropathy; chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy up to grade =<  will be permitted)
Failure to recover to grade  or baseline from all toxic effects of previous chemotherapy, radiation therapy, biologic therapy, and/or experimental therapy, with the exception of: alopecia, grade =<  peripheral neuropathy, grade =<  cetuximab-related rash or other skin changes, hypomagnesemia (acceptable values detailed below), hypokalemia (acceptable values detailed below), and the acceptable hematologic values summarized above; a washout period of  weeks from prior cetuximab is required; a washout period of  weeks from any prior cytotoxic chemotherapy or investigational drug is required
Subjects must be recovered from any clinically relevant toxic effects of any prior surgery, radiotherapy, or other therapy intended for the treatment of cancer. (For example, subjects with residual Grade  toxicity or stable Grade  peripheral neuropathy due to prior chemotherapy are allowed with approval of the Medical Monitor.)
Resolved acute effects of prior therapy
Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior therapy or surgical procedure to Grade <=  or baseline prior to randomization
Subjects must be recovered from any clinically relevant toxic effects of any prior surgery, radiotherapy, or other therapy intended for the treatment of cancer. (Subjects with residual Grade  toxicity, for example Grade  peripheral neuropathy or residual alopecia, are allowed with approval of the Medical Monitor.)
All acute toxic effects of any prior treatment have resolved to NCI-CTCAE v. Grade  or less at the time of signing the Informed Consent Form (ICF).
Resolved acute effects of any prior therapy to baseline severity or Grade ? NCI CTCAE.
Clinically significant toxic effects of any prior antitumor therapy (except hydroxyurea) resolved to Grade ?  before the start of study therapy (bone marrow parameters [Grade  to  permitted]);
All acute toxic effects of any prior radiotherapy, chemotherapy, or surgical procedure must have resolved to Grade </= , except alopecia (any grade) and Grade  peripheral neuropathy
are recovered from the acute adverse effects of prior therapies (excluding alopecia and Grade ? neuropathy).
Subjects who have not recovered from the adverse effects of prior therapy at the time of enrollment to ? grade ; excluding alopecia and grade  neuropathy.
Persistent toxic effects with severity of CTCAE grade  or greater (excluding alopecia) caused by previous treatment
All acute toxic effects of any prior antitumor therapy resolved to Grade ?  before enrollment, with the exception of alopecia (any grade permitted)
Recovered (i.e., Grade ?  or to a baseline level) from the effects of recent surgery, radiotherapy, chemotherapy, hormonal therapy, or other therapies for cancer (with the exception of alopecia for which no resolution is required and peripheral neuropathy which must have resolved to Grade ?  for subjects receiving prior taxane-based chemotherapy);
Acute toxic effects of previous anticancer chemotherapy or immunotherapy have to be normalized to CTCAE Grade equal or lower than  (excluding alopecia)
Resolution of all acute toxicity effects of prior therapy to NCI CTCAE (version .) grade =< , with the exception of unresolved grade  neuropathy and grade  alopecia, which are allowed
Residual side effects to previous therapy over specific grade prior to initiation of therapy
All acute toxic effects of any prior radiotherapy, chemotherapy, or surgical procedure must have resolved to Grade less than or equal to (<=)  or returned to baseline, except alopecia (any grade) and Grade  peripheral neuropathy
