Chemotherapy within  years prior to registration; (hormonal therapy is allowable if the disease free interval is >=  years)
Total triiodothyronine (T) or free T and free thyroxine (T) are within normal limits. (control by thyroid replacement therapy is acceptable.) Participants with T, free T or free T abnormalities at screening who are asymptomatic can be eligible
History of other malignancy unless the subject has been disease-free for at least  years
History of prior malignancy unless disease free for > or equal to  months or considered surgically cured.
Any other cancer, unless the patient has been disease-free for ? years
Known additional malignancy that is active and/or progressive requiring treatment; subjects with other malignancies that have been definitively treated and who have been rendered disease free will be eligible.
Patients with prior malignancies, including pelvic cancer, are eligible if they have been disease free for >  years; patients with prior in situ carcinomas are eligible provided there was complete removal
Patients with a history of non-breast invasive malignancies are eligible if they have been disease-free for  or more years prior to entry into the study
Clinically disease-free after surgery
Disease-free interval =<  months
Patients who have a history of another primary malignancy unless the patient has been disease free for >=  years
Disease free of other malignancies beside the ALL at the time of the study
Thyroid Function: Total T or free T, total T or free T and THS ? CTCAE Grade  abnormality.
No active secondary malignancy; patients with other prior malignancies will be included, provided they have been disease-free for at least five years
Malignancies other than disease under study are excluded, except for any other malignancy from which the subject has been disease-free for more than  years and, in the opinion of the principal investigators and GSK Medical Monitor, will not affect the evaluation of the effects of this clinical trial treatment on the currently targeted malignancy (MM).
Have a prior history of cancer other than MDS or myeloproliferative disorder, unless the subject has been free of the disease for ?  year prior to the start of study treatment.
Must have disease free status as determined by imaging within  weeks of dosing
Other malignancies unless the patient is considered to be disease-free and has completed therapy for the malignancy > than  months prior to study entry
Subject has been diagnosed with another malignancy, unless disease-free for at least  years. Subjects with treated nonmelanoma skin cancer, in situ carcinoma or cervical intraepithelial neoplasia, regardless of the disease-free duration, are eligible for this study if definitive treatment for the condition has been completed. Subjects with organ-confined prostate cancer with no evidence of recurrent or progressive disease are eligible if hormonal therapy has been initiated or the malignancy has been surgically removed or treated with definitive radiotherapy.
History of another malignancy, unless the candidate has been disease-free for at least  years.
Subject has a prior history of malignancies other than AML unless the subject has been free of the disease for ?  years from first dose of lenalidomide.
Prior history of malignancies, other than MM, unless the subject has been free of the disease for ?  years with the exception of the following non-invasive malignancies:
Prior history of malignancies, (except MDS for AML subjects), unless the subject has been free of the disease for ?  years. However, subjects with the following history/concurrent conditions are allowed:
Prior history of malignancies other than DLBCL, unless the patient has been free of the disease for ? years prior to screening.
Prior history of malignancies, other than diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, unless the subject has been free of the disease for ?  years from the signing of the ICD. Exceptions to the ?  year time limit include history of the following:
Disease-free of other malignancies
Surgically rendered free of disease within  days of randomization
History of other malignancies, unless disease-free for ?  years.
Patients may have had a prior diagnosis of cancer if it has been >  years since their last treatment and are considered free of disease
Patients who have been continuously disease-free for any solid tumor malignancy > years prior to the time of enrollment.
Prior history of malignancies, other than MM, unless the patient has been free of the disease for ?  years. Exceptions include the following:
Patients with history of prior malignancies (with exception to non-melanoma skin cancer) are ineligible for this study, unless they are documented to be disease-free for at least  years
Any other cancer from which the patient has been disease-free for  years
Surgically rendered free of disease no more than  weeks before randomization.
Prior history of malignancies, other than CLL, unless the subject has been free of the disease for ? years. Exceptions include the following:
Prior history of malignancies, other than CLL, unless the subject has been free of the disease for ? years. Exceptions include the following:
Disease-free
Any other cancer from which the subject has been disease-free for ? years
Any other cancer from which the subject has been disease-free for ? years
If there is a history of prior malignancies other than those below, must be disease free for at least  years. Patients with malignancies listed below less than  years before study entry may be enrolled if they have received treatment resulting in complete resolution of the cancer and have no clinical, radiologic, or laboratory evidence of active/recurrent disease.
Disease-free of other malignancies
History of another malignancy in the previous  years, unless cured by surgery alone and continuously disease-free
Free of metastatic malignancy (other than MDS) for ? years
History of another malignancy in the previous  years, unless cured by surgery alone and continuously disease free for at least  years; participants with prior history of non-invasive cancers are eligible
Prior history of malignancies, other than multiple myeloma, unless the patient has been free of the disease for ?  years. Exceptions include the following:
Eligible patients must be considered disease-free or have stable disease
Free from significant psychiatric history
Be considered disease-free at baseline
History of previous malignancies unless the cancer was stage I or II and rendered free of disease more than  year
Prior history of malignancies, other than MDS (MYELODYSPLASTIC SYNDROMES), unless the subject has been free of the disease for ?  years. However, subjects with the following history/concurrent conditions are allowed:
Subjects with prior history of malignancies, other than aggressive R/R NHL, unless the subject has been free of the disease for ?  years with the exception of the following non-invasive malignancies:
Clinically cancer-free (no evidence of disease)
History of any malignancy (excluding primary cancer for metastatic patients) other than melanoma or malignant brain tumors for which the disease-free interval is <  years
Any other cancer from which the subject has been disease free for  years
