At least  lesion of greater than or equal to  mm in the longest diameter for a non-lymph node or greater than or equal to  mm in the short-axis diameter for a lymph node that is serially measurable according to irRECIST (immune-related RECIST) using computerized tomography/magnetic resonance imaging (CT/MRI)
Measurable disease (at least  lesion ? mm longest diameter or for lymph nodes short axis ? mm) by CT/MRI
At least  lesion of greater than or equal to  mm in the longest diameter for a non-lymph node or greater than or equal to  mm in the short-axis diameter for a lymph node that is serially measurable according to irRECIST using computerized tomography/magnetic resonance imaging (CT/MRI)
Part  only: Presence of radiographically measurable disease (defined as the presence of ? lesion that measures ? mm [? mm for lymph nodes]). Measurable disease that was previously radiated is only permitted if progressing.
Measurable disease based on RECIST . (Or based on IWG [Cheson, ] [i.e., measurement must be > mm in longest diameter or > mm in short axis] for rrcHL participants)
Have measurable disease based on RECIST v.. and irRC for response assessment\r\n* Must have at least one lesion that is  mm in longest diameter for a soft tissue lesion or  mm in short axis for a lymph node
Have at least one radiologically measurable lesion as per RECIST v. defined as a lesion that is at least  mm in longest diameter or lymph node that is at least  mm in short axis imaged by CT scan or MRI and obtained by imaging within  days prior to start of study treatment. Tumor lesions situated in a previously irradiated area are considered measurable if progression has been demonstrated in such lesions.
Must have measurable disease (? lesion that is > mm in the longest diameter or by > mm in the short axis)
Radiographic evidence of metastatic disease based on Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria OR by prostate cancer-specific positron emission tomography (PET) imaging; evaluable non-target lesions and/or bone only metastasis are permitted per RECIST . and Prostate Cancer Clinical Trials Working Group (PCWG) guidelines; non-target, pathological lymph nodes >=  mm and less than  mm in the short axis are permitted
Participants must have measurable disease as defined by response evaluation criteria in solid tumors (RECIST) . (soft tissue lesion of greater than or equal to (>=)  millimeter (mm) in the long axis or extrapelvic lymph node of >= mm in the short axis)
Patients must have baseline imaging within  days prior to the start of therapy and satisfy one of the following:\r\n* Measurable disease per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria\r\n* At least one non lymph node lesion of >= . cm or lymph node >= . cm in short axis by computerized tomography (CT) scan (CT scan thickness no greater than  mm which is serially measurable according to RECIST . using either computerized tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)\r\n* Lesions that have had radiotherapy must show evidence of progressive disease (PD) based on RECIST . to be deemed a target lesion\r\n* Non-measurable disease by RECIST . criteria (includes bone only disease and lesions <  mm or lymph nodes <  mm in short axis) with rising serum CA- or CA . or CEA documented by two consecutive measurements taken at least  days apart with the most recent measurement being within  days prior to registration. The second CA - or CA . value must have at least a % increase over the first and for CA - or CA. be greater than or equal to  units/mL or for CEA be greater than or equal to  ng/mL
Soft tissue disease progression defined by RECIST . at Screening or ?  days of CD. Measurable disease is not required for entry. Lymph nodes ? .cm (short axis) are considered measurable disease (PCWG)
At least  tumor mm in diameter or greater OR lymph node of at least  mm in short axis
At least  lesion of ?  millimeters (mm) in the longest diameter for a non-lymph node or ?  mm in the short-axis diameter for a lymph node which is serially measurable according to Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors (RECIST) . using computerized tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI).
Presence of radiographically measurable disease (defined as the presence of ?  lesion that measures ?  mm [?  mm for lymph nodes]
Measurable disease per RECIST version (v). criteria: at least  lesion of >  mm in long axis diameter for non-lymph nodes or >  mm in short axis diameter for lymph nodes that is serially measurable according to RECIST . using computerized tomography, magnetic resonance imaging, or panoramic and close-up color photography
Presence of measurable disease meeting the following criteria: at least  lesion of >  mm in long axis diameter for non-lymph nodes or >  mm in short axis diameter for lymph nodes that is serially measurable according to RECIST version . using computerized tomography, magnetic resonance imaging, or panoramic and close-up color photography
DLBCL participants must have the following malignancy criteria: measurable and evaluable disease per tumor response criteria and ?  tumor mass that is ?  mm (long axis of lymph node) or ?  mm (short axis of lymph node or extra nodal lesions) on spiral CT scan; failed  standard lines of therapy (at least one containing an anti-CD monoclonal antibody), or for whom such treatment is contraindicated.
Patients with the presence of at least one lesion with measurable disease as defined by  mm in longest diameter for a soft tissue lesions or  mm in short axis for a lymph node by RECIST .
Patients with the presence of at least one lesion with measurable disease as defined by  mm in longest diameter for a soft tissue lesions or  mm in short axis for a lymph node by RECIST . and irRC criteria for response assessment
Participants must have metastatic, unresectable locally advanced, or locally recurrent HER-positive breast cancer; for the phase II portion of the study, it is required that participants have measurable disease, as defined by RECIST ., which can be accurately evaluated on computerized tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI); measurable disease is defined as: at least one lesion of >  mm in the longest diameter for a non-lymph node or >  mm in the short-axis diameter for a lymph node which is serially measurable according to RECIST ..criteria
Have histologically or cytologically proven invasive breast cancer, locally recurrent or metastatic, with at least one measurable lesion according to RECIST v .; measurable disease is defined as: at least one lesion of >=  mm in the longest diameter for a non-lymph node or >=  mm in the short-axis diameter for a lymph node which is serially measurable according to RECIST criteria, using computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)
If the lesion(s) to be treated are soft-tissue or lymph nodes, unidimensionally measurable disease is required; bone & spine lesions are eligible even if considered non-measurable; measurable disease is defined as:\r\n* >=  mm for soft-tissue lesions\r\n* >=  mm on the short axis of lymph nodes
Have at least one radiologically measurable lesion as per RECIST v. defined as a lesion that is at least  mm in longest diameter or lymph node that is at least  mm in short axis imaged by CT scan or MRI and obtained by imaging within  days prior to start of study treatment. Tumor lesions situated in a previously irradiated area are considered measurable if progression has been demonstrated in such lesions.
At least  lesion of >= millimeter (mm) in long axis diameter for nonlymph nodes or >= mm in short axis diameter for lymph nodes that is serially measurable according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors version . (RECIST .) using computerized tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) or panoramic and close-up color photography.
At least  lesion of ? millimeters (mm) in the longest diameter for a nonlymph node or ? mm in the short axis diameter for a lymph node that is serially measurable according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v. using computerized tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI);
At least one of the brain lesions must measure  mm (or more) in short axis diameter in the axial plane
