Age ?  years at time of informed consent
Be >  years of age on day of signing informed consent
Age .  years old at the time of signing the informed consent
Male or female patients, age  years or older at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF).
At least  or older of age on day of signing informed consent
COHORT : Be >=  years of age on day of signing informed consent
COHORT : Be >=  years of age on day of signing informed consent
Patients must be a male or female ?  years of age on the day of signing informed consent.
Patients age ? years at signing the informed consent.
Must be ?  years of age at the time of signing the ICF.
Patients age ? years at signing the informed consent.
At least  years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form.
Subject is ?  years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF).
Subject is ? years of age at the time of signing the study informed consent.
Must be ?  years of age at the time of signing the ICF.
Age ? years on the day of signing informed consent.
Males ? years of age at the time of signing consent
Men and women ? years old on the day of signing informed consent.
Age ? years at the time of informed consent.
Age ?  years old at the time of signing the informed consent
Age >= years at time of signing Informed Consent Form
Be ?  years of age on day of signing informed consent.
Age ? years at the time of signing informed consent.
Subject is  to <  years of age at the time of signing the Informed Consent Form/Informed Assent Form (ICF/IAF).
Be ?  years of age at time of consent
Age ? years at the time of informed consent
Subject is ? years of age at the time of signing the study informed consent.
Age ?  years at the time of consent.
Signing of the Informed Consent Form
Be  years of age on day of signing informed consent.
Female subjects who are at least  years of age at the time of informed consent
Newly diagnosed MCL: Age >  years at the time of signing the informed consent
Age ? years at the time of signing the informed consent form.
Subject must be >= years of at the time of signing the informed consent.
Pregnant or nursing at the time of signing informed consent
Between  and  years of age inclusive, at the time of signing the informed consent.
Be >  years of age on day of signing informed consent.
Subject is ?  years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF)
Subject is at least  years old at the time of signing the consent form.
Age ?  years at time of signing informed consent form.
 Age ?  at the time of informed consent.
Age ? years at the time of consent.
Male or female patients ?  years of age on day of signing informed consent.
The subject must be >=  years of age at the time of consent
 years of age at the time of signing informed consent
Male or female is  to ?  years of age at the time of signing the Informed Consent Form / Informed Assent Form (ICF/IAF).
Age ?  years of age at the time of signing the Informed Consent Form. . Understand and voluntarily provide written consent to the Informed Consent Form prior to conducting any study related assessments/procedures.
Subject is male or female, ?  years old at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF).
Subject is ?  years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF)
Age ?  years at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF). . Central confirmation of diagnosis of one of the following untreated AML as per WHO classification (Appendix I):
Subject is considered an adult according to local regulation at the time of signing informed consent.
Age ?  at time of informed consent
have undergone ASCT within the period ?  months prior to signing the informed consent form.
Males and females at least  years of age at the time of signing of the informed consent document.
Age ?  years of age at the time of signing the informed consent document.
Subjects must be ? years of age at the time of signing the Informed Consent Form (ICF);
Males and females aged >= years (for Japan only: Age >= years at time of signing Informed Consent Form) with histologically confirmed metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC).
Men ?  years of age at the time of informed consent.
Male or female and ? years of age on day of signing informed consent.
Are at least  years of age at the time of informed consent
Be  years of age or older on day of signing informed consent.
Age ? years at the time of signing the informed consent document.
Age >  years at the time of consent.
Age ?  years and <  years at the time of signing the informed consent form
MDS subjects may not receive RIC and must be <  years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form
Men and women ?  years of age, at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF).
Participant is ?  years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form.
Subject is ?  years of age or is considered an adult according to local regulation at the time of signing informed consent.
Be ?  years of age on day of signing informed consent.
Subject is female ?  years of age (at the time of signing the informed consent form) with metastatic breast cancer not amenable to curative treatment by surgery or radiotherapy.
Age ?  years at the time of consent
?  years at time of consent.
Age ?  years at the time of consent.
Age: >= years of age at the time of providing informed consent.
Male or Female ?  years old at the time of signing the informed consent.
Must be ? yrs at the time of signing informed consent.
 months to less than  years of age at the time of consent.
Age > =  years at the time of signing the informed consent form.
Patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia requiring treatment age > at the time of signing informed consent.
Age >= years at the time of consent.
Age > than  years at the time of signing the informed consent form.
Be ?  years of age at time of consent
Must be greater than or equal to  years at the time of signing the informed consent form.
Age ?  years at the time of consent.
Age ?  years at the time of consent
Subject is  years of age or more at the time of signing the Informed Consent Form
Males and females ?  years of age at the time of signing the informed consent document (ICD).
Males and females ? years of age at the time of signing the consent form.
Thrombocytopenia (platelet count ? ,/L) at any time after signing informed consent
Be ?  years of age on day of signing informed consent.
Females or males, aged >= years at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF).
Subjects ?  years age and ?  years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form.
Adult male or female ?  years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF).
Men and women ? -years-old on the day of signing informed consent.
Non-pregnant female adults at least  years of age at time of informed consent
Age ?  years of age at the time of signing the Informed Consent Form.
Be at least  years of age at the time of consent
Age ?  to ?  years at the time of signing the informed consent form
Male or female between  to  years of age, inclusive, at the time of signing the informed consent form;
Age ?  years of age, at the time of informed consent.
Male or female >= months and < years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form.
The patient is >=  years of age at the time of signature of the first informed consent form.
Age >  years at the time of consent.
The patient is >=  years of age at the time of signature of the informed consent form.
Age ?  years at the time of signing consent
Age ?  to ?  years at the time of signing the informed consent form
Subject is ? years of age at the time of signing the study informed consent.
Age >  years at the time of consent.
Male or female, ?  years of age at the time of signing the informed consent document
Subject is ?  years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF).
? years of age at the time of signing informed consent
Is at least  years of age at the time of consent
Males and females of age ?  years or of age ?  years for those assigned to Optune at the time of signing of the informed consent document.
Men and women ?  years of age, at the time of signing the ICD (Informed Consent Document).
