Participant has >= grade  diarrhea (participants with grade  diarrhea are eligible provided stool for ova/parasites and stool cryptosporidium studies are negative)
Grade  or greater diarrhea of any cause at time of study entry
Chronic diarrhea (excess of - stools/day above normal frequency).
Intractable, severe diarrhea, defined as > . cc diarrheal fluid per day, or diarrhea causing persistent severe electrolyte abnormalities, or hypoalbuminemia
Have current or recent (within  months of study drug administration) gastrointestinal disease with chronic or intermittent diarrhea, or disorders that increase the risk of diarrhea, such as inflammatory bowel disease.
Diarrhea > grade  in the absence of antidiarrheals
Uncontrolled chronic diarrhea > grade  at baseline.
EXCLUSION CRITERIA FOR REGISTRATION: Experiencing grade  or greater diarrhea
Unresolved diarrhea ? CTCAE grade  or presence of medical condition associated with chronic diarrhea (such as irritable bowel syndrome, inflammatory bowel disease)
No currently active diarrhea that may affect the ability to absorb ZD
Chronic or acute GI disorders resulting in diarrhea of any severity grade.
Unresolved diarrhea >= Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade  or a medical condition associated with chronic diarrhea (such as irritable bowel syndrome, inflammatory bowel disease)
Persistent >= grade  diarrhea regardless of etiology
History of acute diverticulitis within the last  months, or current chronic diarrhea
Diarrhea > grade  in the absence of antidiarrheals
Active treatment-refractory diarrhea that may affect the ability of the patient to absorb the trial agents or tolerate further diarrhea
History of symptomatic gastrointestinal disorder within the last five years resulting in bleeding or chronic or frequent diarrhea
Diarrhea > grade  in the absence of anti-diarrheals
Persistent greater than or equal to grade  diarrhea regardless of etiology.
Patients with significantly diseased or obstructed gastrointestinal tract or uncontrolled vomiting or diarrhea
Ongoing GI adverse events > grade  (e.g., nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea) at the start of the study
No diarrhea >= grade  at baseline
Poorly-controlled diarrhea (>  loose bowel movement [BM]/day without use of anti-motility agents) within  days of study enrollment; patients may be reconsidered for the study if the diarrhea resolves
No history of chronic diarrhea
Have a preexisting chronic condition resulting in persistent diarrhea.
Unexplained temperature > . C for any  consecutive days or chronic diarrhea defined as >  stools/day persisting for  consecutive days, within the  days prior to randomization.
Patients with chronic diarrhea or with Grade  or greater diarrhea despite appropriate medical management.
Patients with chronic diarrhea or with Grade  or greater diarrhea despite appropriate medical management.
Diarrhea ( >= loose bowel movements per day)
Duration of diarrhea of at least  week
Uncontrolled diarrhea
Chronic diarrhea
Diarrhea > grade  at baseline
Chronic diarrhea as defined by loose or watery stools occurring more than  times daily at baseline lasting more than  weeks or not abating on condition-appropriate therapy prior to study enrollment
Uncontrolled serious chronic gastrointestinal condition associated with diarrhea
Grade  or greater diarrhea
Have current or recent gastrointestinal disease with chronic or intermittent diarrhea, or disorders that increase the risk of diarrhea, such as inflammatory bowel disease.
Patients who have had grade  or higher diarrhea, despite optimal antidiarrheal supportive care, within  days prior to registration are not eligible
Uncontrolled chronic diarrhea ? grade  at baseline.
History of acute diverticulitis, or current chronic diarrhea
Ongoing diarrhea defined as more than  watery stools/day.
Have a preexisting chronic condition resulting in persistent diarrhea.
Patients with uncontrolled diarrhea or persistent nausea/vomiting requiring daily antiemetic therapy for symptom management within the past  days
Patient has evidence of uncontrolled malabsorptive diarrhea that would prevent adequate absorption of PBI .
Patients may not have the following co-morbid disease or concurrent illness:\r\n* Chronic or acute gastrointestinal (GI) disorders resulting in diarrhea of any severity grade; patients may not use chronic anti-diarrheal supportive care (more than  days/week) to control diarrhea in the  days prior to first dose of investigational drug (exception: anti-diarrheal medications used to control symptoms from a medication that will be discontinued prior to study are allowed with a  day washout before study therapy, for example loperamide for erlotinib-associated diarrhea)\r\n* Known cirrhosis, defined as Child Pugh class A or higher liver disease\r\n* Other malignancy undergoing active treatment\r\n* Any other severe/uncontrolled inter-current illness or significant co-morbid conditions that in the opinion of the investigator would impair study participation or cooperation
Patients with significantly diseased or obstructed gastrointestinal tract or uncontrolled vomiting or diarrhea
Patients with significantly diseased or obstructed gastrointestinal tract or uncontrolled vomiting or diarrhea
Patients with chronic diarrhea or with Grade  or greater diarrhea despite appropriate medical management.
Grade  or higher diarrhea at baseline unless deemed by the investigator to be caused by laxatives prescribed for symptomatic partial obstruction (e.g. MiraLAX)
Patients with chronic or acute gastrointestinal (GI) disorders resulting in diarrhea of any severity grade; patients who are using chronic anti-diarrheal supportive care (more than  days/week) to control diarrhea in the  days prior to study entry
Patients with chronic or acute GI disorders resulting in diarrhea of any severity grade; patients who are using chronic anti-diarrheal supportive care (more than  days/week) to control diarrhea in the  days prior to enrollment
Any predisposing chronic condition resulting in baseline grade  or higher diarrhea
No uncontrolled diarrhea
Diarrhea ? Grade , impaired gastrointestinal absorption
Chronic diarrhea
Lower GI GvHD manifested by diarrhea must have other causes of diarrhea ruled out (eg, negative for Clostridium difficile or cytomegalovirus [CMV] infection or oral magnesium administration)
Patients with chronic diarrhea of grade  or greater despite maximal medical management.
Participants with history of chronic diarrhea, grade >=  prior to study participation; persons with up to grade  diarrhea will be eligible
Chronic diarrhea (loose, watery or frequent stools) at baseline
Current or recent (within  months of study drug administration) gastrointestinal disease such as chronic or intermittent diarrhea, or disorders that increase the risk of diarrhea, such as inflammatory bowel disease. Non-chronic conditions (e.g. infectious diarrhea) that are completely resolved for at least  weeks prior to starting study treatment are not exclusionary
Patients who have had persistent GI GVHD manifested by diarrhea with stool volume <  mL/day in the absence of nausea or vomiting may be deemed as having Grade B GVHD if other causes of diarrhea have been ruled out (e.g., C. difficile or cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection, oral magnesium administration) and if the low stool volume reflects the effects of fasting or administration of narcotics or antidiarrheal medications.
Chronic or acute GI disorders resulting in diarrhea
Patients with significantly diseased or obstructed gastrointestinal tract or uncontrolled vomiting or diarrhea
Persistent diarrhea (>= Grade ) lasting greater than (>)  days within  weeks before the first dose of study treatment.
History of inflammatory colitides, chronic abdominal pain, or chronic diarrhea.
Chronic or acute GI disorders resulting in diarrhea
Patients with chronic diarrhea or with grade  or greater diarrhea despite maximal medical management.
Persistent diarrhea (greater than Grade ) lasting >  days within  weeks before the first dose of study treatment
Pre-existing diarrhea uncontrolled with supportive care; prior hemorrhagic diarrhea due to ulcerative colitis, inflammatory bowel disease or other cause; active, uncontrolled peptic ulcer disease even in the setting of proton-pump inhibitor or histamine-blocker use
GI Tract: biopsy showing amyloid deposition along with symptoms such as GI bleeding or persistent diarrhea (>  loose stools/day) Autonomic or Peripheral Nervous System: defined as orthostasis, symptoms of nausea or dysgeusia, recurrent diarrhea or constipation, abnormal sensory and/or motor findings on neurologic exam, or gastric atony by gastric emptying scan
Subjects may not have ongoing chronic diarrhea
Significantly diseased or obstructed gastrointestinal tract or uncontrolled vomiting or diarrhea.
Subject must have NCI common toxicity Grade - immune-related diarrhea for up to  days or persistent Grade  diarrhea for more than  days
Known malabsorption syndrome, short bowel or chologenic diarrhea not controlled by specific therapeutic means
Patients with irritable bowel syndrome, Crohn's disease, or other clinically significant gastrointestinal (GI) related condition that might confound the VEGF-TKI-related-diarrhea endpoint
Chronic diarrhea or malabsorptive diseases (e.g., Crohns disease)
Diarrhea associated with C. difficile positive stool assay
Grade  or  diarrhea, rectal bleeding, abdominal cramping, or incontinence of stool =<  days prior to registration
>= Grade  diarrhea, >= grade  rectal bleeding, abdominal cramping, or incontinence of stool =<  days prior to registration
Planned use of leucovorin (because of the risk of secretory diarrhea)
Patient has diarrhea at the time of enrollment which is Clostridium difficile toxin positive
Chronic diarrhea
Persistent diarrhea or malabsorption despite medical management.
Currently active diarrhea that may affect the ability of the patient to absorb the ZD or tolerate diarrhea
Diarrhea or clinical concern for C. difficile infection
Diarrhea symptoms resolved to Grade  or better.
