Subjects not using hormone replacement therapy (HRT) must have experienced total cessation of menses for >=  year and be greater than  years in age, OR, in questionable cases, have a follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) value >  mIU/mL and an estradiol value < pg/mL (<  pmol/L)
Subjects using HRT must have experienced total cessation of menses for >=  year and be greater than  years of age OR have had documented evidence of menopause based on FSH and estradiol concentrations prior to initiation of HRT
A female subject is eligible to participate if she is of: Non-childbearing potential defined as pre-menopausal females with a documented tubal ligation or hysterectomy; or postmenopausal defined as  months of spontaneous amenorrhea [in questionable cases, a blood sample with simultaneous follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) >  milli-International units per milliliter and estradiol <  picograms per milliliter (<  picomole per liter) is confirmatory]. Females on hormone replacement therapy (HRT) and whose menopausal status is in doubt will be required to use one of the contraception methods defined in protocol if they wish to continue their HRT during the study. Otherwise, they must discontinue HRT to allow confirmation of post-menopausal status prior to study enrolment. For most forms of HRT, at least two to four weeks will elapse between the cessation of therapy and the blood draw; this interval depends on the type and dosage of HRT. Following confirmation of their post-menopausal status, they can resume use of HRT during the study without use of a contraceptive method; Child-bearing potential and agrees to use one of the contraception methods for an appropriate period of time (as determined by the product label or investigator) prior to the start of dosing to sufficiently minimize the risk of pregnancy at that point. Female subjects must agree to use contraception until at least  months after the last dose of study medication; Negative serum pregnancy test <=  days prior to first study drug dose; Female subjects who are lactating must discontinue nursing prior to the first dose of study treatment and must refrain from nursing throughout the treatment period and for  half-lives of GSK or at least  days (whichever is longer) following the last dose of study treatment.
Women are eligible to participate if: Non-childbearing potential defined as pre-menopausal females with a documented tubal ligation or hysterectomy; or postmenopausal defined as  months of spontaneous amenorrhea [in questionable cases a blood sample with simultaneous follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) >  MlU/mL and estradiol <  pg/mL (< pmol/L) is confirmatory]. Females on hormone replacement therapy (HRT) and whose menopausal status is in doubt will be required to use one of the contraception methods if they wish to continue their HRT during the study. Otherwise, they must discontinue HRT to allow confirmation of post-menopausal status prior to study enrollment. For most forms of HRT, at least - weeks will elapse between the cessation of therapy and the blood draw; this interval depends on the type and dosage of HRT. Following confirmation of their post-menopausal status, they can resume use of HRT during the study without use of a contraceptive method.
Female patients who have been on hormone replacement therapy (HRT) for menopausal symptoms for a period of at least  months will not be excluded from the study provided the HRT regimen remains unchanged during the conduct of the study.
Subjects using HRT must have experienced total cessation of menses for >=  year and be greater than  years of age OR have had documented evidence of menopause based on FSH and estradiol concentrations prior to initiation of HRT.
Reproductive criteria: . A male subject with female partner of child bearing potential must agree to use one of the methods of contraception for the duration specified in protocol. . A female subject is eligible to participate if she is not pregnant (as confirmed by a negative serum human chorionic gonadotrophin [hCG] test), not nursing, and at least one of the following conditions apply: Reproductive potential: subject must agree to follow one of the options and the duration specified in protocol; Non-reproductive potential defined as i) Pre-menopausal females with one of the following: Documented tubal ligation, Documented hysteroscopic tubal occlusion procedure with follow-up confirmation of bilateral tubal occlusion, Hysterectomy, Documented Bilateral Oophorectomy; ii) Postmenopausal defined as  months of spontaneous amenorrhea with an appropriate clinical profile or females over  years of age. Females on hormone replacement therapy (HRT) and whose menopausal status is in doubt will be required to use one of the highly effective contraception methods if they wish to continue their HRT during the study. Otherwise, they must discontinue HRT to allow confirmation of post-menopausal status prior to study enrollment.
A female subject is eligible to participate if she is of: a) non-childbearing potential defined as pre-menopausal females with a documented tubal ligation or hysterectomy; or postmenopausal defined as  months of spontaneous amenorrhea (in questionable cases a blood sample with simultaneous follicle stimulating hormone [FSH] >  MlU/mL and estradiol <  pg/mL [<  pmol/L] is confirmatory); females on hormone replacement therapy (HRT) and whose menopausal status is in doubt will be required to use one of the contraception methods listed below if they wish to continue their HRT during the study; otherwise, they must discontinue HRT to allow confirmation of post-menopausal status prior to study enrollment; for most forms of HRT, at least - weeks will elapse between the cessation of therapy and the blood draw; this interval depends on the type and dosage of HRT; following confirmation of their post-menopausal status, they can resume use of HRT during the study without use of a contraceptive method; b) child-bearing potential and agrees to use one of the contraception methods listed below for an appropriate period of time (as determined by the product label or investigator) prior to the start of dosing to sufficiently minimize the risk of pregnancy at that point; female subjects must agree to use contraception until  weeks after the last dose of study medication, and must have a negative serum or urine pregnancy test within  days prior to the start of dosing
Subjects not using hormone replacement therapy (HRT) must have experienced total cessation of menses for >=  year and be greater than  years in age, OR, in questionable cases, have a follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) value >  mIU/mL and an estradiol value <  pg/mL (<  pmol/L)
Subjects using HRT must have experienced total cessation of menses for >=  year and be greater than  years of age OR have had documented evidence of menopause based on FSH and estradiol concentrations prior to initiation of HRT
Male and female. Males: Male subjects with female partners of child bearing potential must comply with the following contraception requirements from the time of first dose of study medication for a cycle of spermatogenesis following five terminal half-lives after the last dose of study medication. Vasectomy with documentation of azoospermia. Male condom plus partner use of one of the contraceptive options below: Contraceptive subdermal implant, Intrauterine device or intrauterine system, Combined Oral Contraceptive or Injectable progestogen, Contraceptive vaginal ring, Percutaneous contraceptive patches . This is an all-inclusive list of those methods that meet the following GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) definition of highly effective: having a failure rate of less than % per year when used consistently and correctly and, when applicable, in accordance with the product label. For non-product methods (e.g., male sterility), the investigator determines what is consistent and correct use. The GSK definition is based on the definition provided by the International Conference on Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Registration of Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH). The investigator is responsible for ensuring that subjects understand how to properly use these methods of contraception. Females A female subject is eligible to participate if she is not pregnant (as confirmed by a negative Urine human chorionic gonadotrophin [hCG] test), not lactating, and at least one of the following conditions applies:  Non-reproductive potential defined as: Pre-menopausal females with one of the following: Documented tubal ligation; Documented hysteroscopic tubal occlusion procedure with follow-up confirmation of bilateral tubal occlusion; Hysterectomy; Documented Bilateral Oophorectomy. Postmenopausal defined as:  years old; Twelve() months of spontaneous amenorrhea with an appropriate clinical profile, e.g. age appropriate, >  years, in the absence of hormone replacement therapy (HRT) or medical suppression of the menstrual cycle (e.g. leuprolide treatment) in questionable cases a blood sample with simultaneous follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and oestradiol levels consistent with menopause (refer to laboratory reference ranges for confirmatory levels). Females on HRT and whose menopausal status is in doubt will be required to use one of the highly effective contraception methods if they wish to continue their HRT during the study. Otherwise, they must discontinue HRT to allow confirmation of post-menopausal status prior to study enrolment.  Reproductive potential and agrees to follow one of the options listed in the Modified List of Highly Effective Methods for Avoiding Pregnancy in Females of Reproductive Potential (FRP) (As mentioned in study protocol) from  days prior to the first dose of study medication and until  months after the last dose of study medication. The investigator is responsible for ensuring that subjects understand how to properly use these methods of contraception
A female subject is eligible to participate if she is of: Non-childbearing potential defined as pre-menopausal females with a documented tubal ligation or hysterectomy; or postmenopausal defined as  months of spontaneous amenorrhea [in questionable cases a blood sample with simultaneous follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) greater than  milli international unit/mL and estradiol less than  pg/mL (less than  pmol/L) is confirmatory]. Females on hormone replacement therapy (HRT) and whose menopausal status is in doubt will be required to use one of the contraception methods if they wish to continue their HRT during the study. Otherwise, they must discontinue HRT to allow confirmation of postmenopausal status prior to study enrollment. For most forms of HRT, at least  to  weeks will elapse between the cessation of therapy and the blood draw; this interval depends on the type and dosage of HRT. Following confirmation of their post-menopausal status, they can resume use of HRT during the study without use of a contraceptive method; Child-bearing potential and agrees to use one of the contraception methods (described in the protocol) for an appropriate period of time (as determined by the product label or investigator) prior to the start of dosing to sufficiently minimize the risk of pregnancy at that point. Female subjects must agree to use contraception until  months after the last dose of study medication; Negative serum pregnancy test <= days prior to first study drug dose; Female subjects who are lactating must discontinue nursing prior to the first dose of study treatment and must refrain from nursing throughout the treatment period and for  half-lives of GSK or at least  days (whichever is longer) following the last dose of study treatment.
A female subject is eligible to participate if she is of: Non-childbearing potential defined as pre-menopausal females with a documented tubal ligation, hysteroscopic tubal occlusion procedure with follow-up confirmation of bilateral tubal occlusion, hysterectomy, or documented bilateral tubal oophorectomy; or postmenopausal defined as  months of spontaneous amenorrhea [in questionable cases a blood sample with simultaneous follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) > units (U)/mL and estradiol < picograms (pg)/mL (< picomoles (pmol)/L) is confirmatory]. Females on hormone replacement therapy (HRT) and whose menopausal status is in doubt will be required to use one of the contraception methods if they wish to continue their HRT during the study. Otherwise, they must discontinue HRT to allow confirmation of post-menopausal status prior to study enrollment. For most forms of HRT, at least  to  weeks will elapse between the cessation of therapy and the blood draw; this interval depends on the type and dosage of HRT. Following confirmation of their post-menopausal status, they can resume use of HRT during the study without use of a contraceptive method. Child-bearing potential and agrees to use one of the contraception methods for an appropriate period of time (as determined by the product label or investigator) prior to the start of dosing to sufficiently minimize the risk of pregnancy at that point. Female subjects must agree to use contraception until  months after the last dose of study medication. Negative serum pregnancy test <= days prior to first study drug dose. Female subjects who are lactating must discontinue nursing prior to the first dose of study treatment and must refrain from nursing throughout the treatment period and for  half-lives of GSK or at least  days (whichever is longer) following the last dose of study treatment.
Women are eligible to participate if: non-childbearing potential defined as pre-menopausal females with a documented tubal ligation or hysterectomy; or postmenopausal defined as  months of spontaneous amenorrhea (in questionable cases a blood sample with simultaneous follicle stimulating hormone [FSH] >  MlU/mL and estradiol <  pg/mL [<  pmol/L] is confirmatory); females on hormone replacement therapy (HRT) and whose menopausal status is in doubt will be required to use one of the contraception methods if they wish to continue their HRT during the study; otherwise, they must discontinue HRT to allow confirmation of post-menopausal status prior to study enrollment; for most forms of HRT, at least - weeks will elapse between the cessation of therapy and the blood draw; this interval depends on the type and dosage of HRT
Concurrent use (defined as use within  weeks prior to baseline tissue sample being taken) of hormone replacement therapy (HRT) or any other estrogen-containing medication (including vaginal estrogens)
Subjects not using hormone replacement therapy (HRT) must have experienced total cessation of menses for >=  year and be greater than  years in age, OR, in questionable cases, have a follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) value >  mIU/mL and an estradiol value <  pg/mL (<  pmol/L); subjects must discontinue HRT prior to study enrollment; for most forms of HRT, at least - weeks must elapse between the cessation of HRT and determination of menopausal status; length of this interval depends on the type and dosage of HRT; if a female subject is determined not to be post-menopausal, they must use adequate contraception
Non-childbearing potential defined as pre-menopausal females with a documented tubal ligation or hysterectomy; or post-menopausal defined as  months of spontaneous amenorrhea. Females on hormone replacement therapy (HRT) and whose menopausal status is in doubt will be required to use one of the contraception methods stated in the protocol if they wish to continue their HRT during the study. Otherwise, they must discontinue HRT to allow confirmation of post-menopausal status prior to study enrollment. For most forms of HRT, at least two to four weeks will elapse between the cessation of therapy and the blood draw; this interval depends on the type and dosage of HRT. Following confirmation of their post-menopausal status, they can resume use of HRT during the study without use of a contraceptive method.
Patients on hormone-replacement therapy (HRT) =<  weeks prior to registration; this includes the use of vaginal estrogen therapy
Use of systemic hormone replacement therapy (HRT) in the last  days prior to the randomization; the use of non-systemic estrogen (such as vaginal estrogen use) is allowed
