Grade ?  graft-versus-host disease (GvHD) per the Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research (CIBMTR) consensus grading system at enrollment
Clinically significant graft versus host disease (GVHD) or GVHD requiring initiation of treatment or treatment escalation within  days, and/or > grade  persistent or clinically significant non-hematologic toxicity related to HSCT
No evidence of active graft versus host disease (GVHD) and >=  months must have elapsed since transplant or rescue
Patients with graft versus-host disease (GVHD)
Patients with evidence of graft versus host disease (GVHD) > grade II at time of enrollment
Patients must have fully recovered from the acute effects of all prior therapy and cannot have evidence of graft-versus-host disease (GVHD)
Subject has active clinically significant graft versus host disease (GVHD) or is on treatment with systemic corticosteroids for GVHD (except grade  skin GVHD). At least  months must have elapsed since completion of allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
Graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) prophylaxis with any of the following agents: calcineurin inhibitor, short-course methotrexate steroids, mycophenolate mofetil, and sirolimus
Evidence of graft versus host disease (GVHD) > grade II
Evidence of graft versus host disease (GVHD) > grade II
Must be off all immunosuppressive medications (except steroids) for graft versus host disease (GVHD) for at least  weeks prior to study entry
Evidence of graft versus host disease (GVHD) > grade II
Patients must be free from active graft versus host disease (GVHD) and off immunosuppressive GVHD therapy for  weeks prior to enrollment
Grade III/IV acute graft-versus-host disease (GVHD)
Presence of graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) more than grade 
At least  days have elapsed since bone marrow transplant and participant is off immune suppression for ?  weeks, if applicable with no evidence of active graft versus host disease (GVHD)
Presence of acute or chronic graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) unless limited to skin involvement and managed with topical steroid therapy alone
Requirement for systemic immunosuppressive therapy (e.g. graft-versus-host disease [GVHD] therapy within  weeks before the first dose of study drug)
Ongoing severe graft-versus-house disease (GVHD) with Grade ? serum bilirubin, Grade ? skin involvement, or Grade ? diarrhea at the start of study therapy.
Active acute graft versus host disease (GVHD) grade >= .
Presence of acute or chronic graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) unless limited to skin involvement and managed with topical steroid therapy alone
Chronic graft versus host disease (GVHD) or on immunosuppressive therapy for the control of GVHD;
Presence of active acute or chronic graft versus host disease (GVHD)
Requirement for systemic immunosuppressive therapy (e.g. graft-versus-host disease [GVHD] therapy within  weeks before the first dose of study drug)
Patients must be free from active graft versus host disease (GVHD) and off immunosuppressive GVHD therapy for  weeks prior to enrollment
Active graft-versus-host disease (GvHD), grade - according to the Glucksberg criteria, active chronic GvHD requiring systemic treatment or requirement for GvHD prophylaxis with cyclosporine or tacrolimus.
Graft versus host disease (GVHD) grade III or IV
CRITERIA FOR LEUKAPHERESIS AND PRE-THERAPY EVALUATION: Presence of active acute or chronic graft versus host disease (GVHD)
Presence of graft-vs-host disease (GVHD)
Patients with prior history of or active severe (grade  or ) acute graft-versus-host disease (GVHD)
Active graft versus host disease (GVHD) or on immunosuppressive medication of GVHD
Subjects must not have a history of severe (grade -) acute graft versus host disease (GVHD), and/or current > grade  acute GHVD; subjects must not have a history of active chronic GVHD (whether limited or extensive stage)
No active graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) or on immunosuppressive medication for GVHD
Active graft versus (vs.) host disease (gvhd)
Patients who have received any systemic corticosteroid therapy within  weeks prior to the start of therapy, or  weeks if given to treat graft versus host disease (GVHD), with the exception of physiological replacement doses of cortisone acetate or equivalent
No uncontrolled graft versus host disease (GVHD)
Active acute graft versus host disease (GVHD) grade II or higher
Active acute or chronic graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) requiring systemic therapy
Patients with active acute graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) grades II-IV
Patients must have no evidence of active graft-versus-host disease at the time of the CD+ memory T-cell infusion; patients with a history of acute GVHD overall grade II based on skin only involvement or upper gastrointestinal (GI) tract involvement only will be eligible; patients with a history of liver or lower GI tract GVHD will not be eligible
Acute graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) ? Grade , either no signs of chronic GVHD or mild chronic GVHD graded as limited disease
Patients with active acute graft versus host disease (GVHD) grades II-IV.
Patients with chronic graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) if on prednisone equal to or less than . mg/kg and not receiving second-line GVHD treatments like pentostatin, infliximab, etanercept, etc
Patients with active acute graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) grades II-IV
No active graft versus host disease (GVHD) or immunosuppression for prevention or treatment of GVHD within two weeks of study entry
Patients with active acute graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) grades II-IV
Active acute or chronic graft-versus-host disease (GVHD)
Patients with untreated or uncontrolled grade  or  graft-versus-host disease (GVHD)
Patients with active (grade -) acute graft vs. host disease (GVHD), chronic GVHD or an overt autoimmune disease (e.g. hemolytic anemia) requiring high doses of glucocorticosteroid (> . mg/kg/day prednisone or its equivalent) as treatment
Patients with active (grade -) acute graft versus host disease (GVHD), chronic GVHD, or an overt autoimmune disease (e.g. hemolytic anemia) requiring glucocorticosteroid treatment (> . mg/kg/day prednisone or its equivalent) as treatment
Grade  or higher Graft Versus Host Disease (GVHD), or GVHD on either a calcineurin inhibitor or prednisone more than  mg/day.
Have clinically significant graft versus host disease (GVHD), or GVHD requiring initiation or escalation of treatment within the last  days
greater than  years ago but has active graft versus host disease (GvHD) requiring systemic treatment.
Has active graft-versus-host disease (GVHD).
Clinically significant graft versus host disease (GVHD) or active GVHD requiring initiation or escalation of treatment within -day screening period.
Active graft-versus-host disease (GvHD) grades II-IV; prior acute GVHD could have occurred but resolved at time of initiation of daratumumab
any active acute graft versus host disease (GvHD), grade - , according to the Glucksberg criteria or active chronic GvHD requiring systemic treatment
Acute graft versus host disease (GVHD) or active chronic GVHD greater than grade 
Active acute graft-versus-host disease (GvHD) or chronic GVHD grade  or higher
Graft-Versus-Host Disease (GVHD) therapy within  weeks before the first dose of study drug; low dose steroids (? mg) allowed
Clinically significant graft versus host disease (GVHD) or GVHD requiring initiation of treatment or treatment escalation within  days, and/or > Grade  persistent or clinically significant non hematologic toxicity related to HSCT.
Presence of Grade  to  acute or extensive chronic graft-versus-host disease (GVHD)
The patient is receiving immunosuppressive therapy - with the exception of low-dose prednisone (?  mg/day) - for treatment or prophylaxis of graft-versus-host disease (GVHD). If the patient has been on immunosuppressive treatment or prophylaxis for GVHD, the treatment(s) must have been discontinued at least  days prior to study treatment and there must be no evidence of Grade ?  GVHD.
Presence of grade  to  acute or extensive chronic graft-versus-host disease (GVHD).
Active graft versus host disease (GVHD) ? Grade  or extensive chronic GVHD requiring immunosuppressive therapy
EXCLUSION FOR TREATMENT: Patients with active (grade -) acute graft versus host disease (GVHD), chronic GVHD or an overt autoimmune disease (e.g. hemolytic anemia) following allo-HSCT requiring glucocorticosteroid treatment (> . mg/kg/day prednisone or its equivalent) as treatment
Patient has evidence of graft versus host disease (GVHD)
Patient has evidence of active graft versus host disease (GVHD)
Has chronic graft versus host disease (GVHD) or on immunosuppressive therapy for the control of GVHD
Anti Graft-Versus-Host Disease (GVHD) therapy within  weeks before the first dose of study drug
Presence of acute or extensive chronic graft versus host disease (GVHD)
Acute graft-versus-host disease (GvHD), classic (=< day ) or late-onset (> day )
Patients on investigational therapy for graft-versus-host disease (GVHD)
Evidence of on-going graft versus-host disease (GVHD), or GVHD requiring immunosuppressive therapy
Currently taking corticosteroids for therapy of graft-versus-host disease (GVHD)
Patients with active (grade -) acute graft versus (vs.) host disease (GVHD), chronic GVHD or an overt autoimmune disease (e.g. hemolytic anemia) requiring high doses of glucocorticosteroid (> . mg/kg/day prednisone or its equivalent) as treatment
Any evidence of ongoing graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) in subjects with prior progenitor cell transplantation;
Active graft versus host disease (GVHD) with other than grade  skin involvement or GVHD requiring immunosuppressive treatment.
Presence of steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease (GVHD)
Newly diagnosed acute graft-versus-host disease (GvHD), including lower Gastrointestinal (GI) involvement (modified International Bone Marrow Transplant Registry [IBMTR] Severity Stage  to  [> mL diarrhea/day]), with or without other organ system involvement.
Prior bone marrow transplant presenting with active uncontrolled graft versus (vs.) host disease (GVHD)
Less than  days post -transplant or any evidence of active graft-versus-host disease (GVHD)
Acute graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) at time of enrollment (history of treated and resolved GVHD is permitted)
<  days from ASCT; has chronic graft-versus host disease (GVHD) or requires continued treatment with systemic immunosuppressive agents
Patients with active acute Graft versus host disease (GVHD) grades II-IV.
Clinically active or unstable graft-versus-host disease (GvHD) requiring treatment which precludes administration of chemotherapy as defined in this protocol
Patients is off or on a stable dose of immunosuppressive drugs for management or prophylaxis of graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) (defined as no escalation of therapy for GVHD) within  days prior to starting crenolanib
Active acute or extensive chronic graft-versus-host disease (GvHD) which included the administration of immunosuppressive agents to prevent or treat GvHD within  weeks before blinatumomab treatment
Active acute graft-vs-host disease (GVHD) grades II-IV
Active acute graft vs. host disease >= grade  or active extensive chronic graft-versus-host disease (GVHD)
Patient has evidence of graft versus host disease (GVHD).
Refractory graft versus host disease (GvHD) not responding to treatment
Grade ?  graft-versus-host disease (GvHD) per the Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research (CIBMTR) consensus grading system at enrollment
Patients with active, grade II-IV, acute graft versus (vs.) host disease (GVHD), chronic GVHD or any condition requiring high doses of glucocorticosteroid (> . mg/kg/day prednisone or its equivalent) as treatment
Acute graft versus host disease (GVHD) fitting one of the following categories:
Patients with chronic, severe, generalized skin breakdown (such as generalized blistering, burns, severe graft versus host disease [GVHD] with open sores, etc.) are ineligible
Any graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) prophylaxis regimen is allowed
Prior bone marrow transplant within  months or with acute graft versus host disease (GVHD)
Patients actively enrolled on any other graft versus host disease (GVHD) prevention trial
Patients with active acute graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) grades II-IV
If patients are on immunosuppressive therapy for treatment of graft versus host disease (GVHD), then only those on stable doses for at least  weeks (or on tapering doses) will be eligible
If patients are on immunosuppressive therapy for treatment of graft versus host disease (GVHD), then only those on stable doses for at least  weeks (or on tapering doses) will be eligible
Planned graft versus host disease (GVHD) prophylaxis consisting of tacrolimus (TAC)/methotrexate (MTX) or TAC/sirolimus (SRL)
No signs or symptoms of acute graft versus host disease; however prior acute GVHD which is resolved and controlled with low dose steroids (< . mg/kg/day for at least  week) may be eligible
Patients with graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) > grade II
Presence of acute or chronic graft-versus-host disease (GVHD)
Acute graft versus host disease (GvHD) Grade III or IV, or severe chronic GvHD.
