total abstinence (if it is their preferred and usual lifestyle)
For men: agreement to remain abstinent or use a contraceptive method that results in a failure rate of < % per year during the treatment period and for at least  months after the last dose of study drug; abstinence is only acceptable if it is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the subject; periodic abstinence (e.g., calendar, ovulation, symptothermal or postovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception
Agree to use two reliable forms of contraception simultaneously or to practice complete abstinence (True abstinence is acceptable when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the subject. Periodic abstinence [eg calendar, ovulation, symptothermal or post-ovulation methods] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.) from heterosexual contact during the following time periods related to this study: ) for at least  days before starting CC-; ) while taking CC-; ) during dose interruptions; and ) for at least  days after the last dose of CC- as specified in the Pregnancy Prevention and Risk Management Plan (PPRMP)
Practice complete abstinence (True abstinence is acceptable when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the subject. Periodic abstinence [eg calendar, ovulation, symptothermal or post-ovulation methods] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.) or agree to use a condom during sexual contact with a pregnant female or a FCBP for at least  months after the last dose of rituximab.
The reliability of sexual abstinence should be evaluated in relation to the duration of the clinical study and the preferred and usual lifestyle of the patient. Periodic abstinence (e.g., calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, or postovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.
total abstinence (if it is their preferred and usual lifestyle)
Agree to practice true abstinence, when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the patient
Male subjects must practice true abstinence or agree to use a condom during sexual contact with a pregnant female or a female of childbearing potential while participating in the study, during dose interruptions and for  months following protocol discontinuation, even if he has undergone a successful vasectomy\r\n* True abstinence is acceptable when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the subject; (periodic abstinence (eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, post-ovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception)
Agree to practice true abstinence, when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant. (Periodic abstinence (eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.) Male participants, even if surgically sterilized (ie, status postvasectomy), who:
Agree to practice true abstinence, when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant. (Periodic abstinence [eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods for the female partner] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.)
Total abstinence (if it is their preferred and usual lifestyle)
Male subjects must practice true abstinence or agree to use a condom during sexual contact with a pregnant female or a female of childbearing potential while participating in the study, during dose interruptions and for  months following study drug discontinuation, even if he has undergone a successful vasectomy\r\n* True abstinence is acceptable when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the subject; (periodic abstinence [e.g., calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, post-ovulation methods] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception)
For men: agreement to remain abstinent or use a barrier method of contraception (e.g., condom) during the treatment period and for at least  days after the last dose of study drug and agreement to refrain from donating sperm during this same period\r\n* Men with a pregnant partner must agree to remain abstinent or use a condom for the duration of the pregnancy\r\n* Abstinence is only acceptable if it is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the patient; periodic abstinence (e.g., calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, or postovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception
Men must agree to practice true abstinence or agree to use a condom during sexual contact with a pregnant female or a female of childbearing potential while participating in the study, during dose interruptions and for  months following discontinuation of study therapy, even if he has undergone a successful vasectomy\r\n* True abstinence is acceptable when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the subject; (periodic abstinence [e.g., calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, post-ovulation methods] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception)
Female subject of childbearing potential should have a negative urine or serum pregnancy within  hours prior to receiving the first dose of study medication; this applies even if the subject practices true abstinence (true abstinence is acceptable when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the subject; [periodic abstinence (eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, post-ovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception]) from heterosexual contact; if the urine test is positive or cannot be confirmed as negative, a serum pregnancy test will be required
For men: agreement to remain abstinent or use a condom plus an additional contraceptive method that together result in a failure rate of < % per year during the treatment period and for at least  months after the last dose of study drug; abstinence is only acceptable if it is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the patient; periodic abstinence (e.g., calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, or postovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception
Total abstinence (if it is their preferred and usual lifestyle);
has not been naturally postmenopausal (amenorrhea following cancer therapy does not rule out childbearing potential) for at least  consecutive months (ie, has had menses at any time in the preceding  consecutive months). True abstinence is acceptable when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the subject. Periodic abstinence (eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.
Refrain from semen or sperm donation while taking IP and for at least  days after the last dose of IP. True abstinence is acceptable when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the subject. Periodic abstinence (eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.
Male subjects must: a. Practice true abstinence* or agree to the use of at least two physician-approved contraceptive methods throughout the course of the study and should avoid fathering a child during the course of the study for at least  months following the last dose of IP. * True abstinence is acceptable when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the patient. [Periodic abstinence (e.g., calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, post-ovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception].
Male participants must practice true abstinence* (which must be reviewed on a monthly basis) or agree to the use a condom during sexual contact with a pregnant female or a female of childbearing potential while participating in the study, during dose interruptions and for at least  months following investigational product discontinuation (or longer if required by local requirements), even if he has undergone a successful vasectomy. * True abstinence is acceptable when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant. Note: Periodic abstinence (eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.
Agree to practice true abstinence, when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant. (Periodic abstinence (eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.)
Agree to practice true abstinence, when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant. (Periodic abstinence [eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods for the female partner] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.)
Agree to practice true abstinence, when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant. (Periodic abstinence [eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods for the female partner] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.) Male participants, even if surgically sterilized (ie, status postvasectomy), who:
Agree to practice true abstinence, when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant. (Periodic abstinence [eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods for the female partner] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.)
Female patients of childbearing potential [defined as all female patients ?  years old or who have reached menarche, whichever occurs first] must have both of the following: a. Agree to the use of two physician-approved contraceptive methods simultaneously or practice complete abstinence while on study medication or for a longer period if required by regulations. i. True abstinence: When this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the patient. Periodic abstinence (e.g., calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception. ii. Acceptable contraceptive methods include: oral, injectable, or implantable hormonal contraceptive; tubal ligation; intra-uterine device; barrier contraceptive with spermicide; or vasectomized partner) including at least one barrier method. b. Have negative serum pregnancy test result at screening confirmed by negative urine pregnancy dipstick within  hours prior to first dose of Investigational Product (IP) (if serum test occurred >  hours from first dose); pregnancy test with sensitivity of at least  mIU/mL.
Complete abstinence is only acceptable in cases where this is the preferred and usual lifestyle of the subject.
Total abstinence (when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the subject. Periodic abstinence (i.e., calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.
Male subjects must practice true abstinence* or agree to use a condom during sexual contact with a pregnant female or a female of childbearing potential while participating in the study, during dose interruptions and for  months following IP discontinuation, even if he has undergone a successful vasectomy. * True abstinence is acceptable when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the subject. Note: Periodic abstinence (e.g, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, post-ovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.
Agree to practice true abstinence, when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant. (Periodic abstinence [eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.) Male participants, even if surgically sterilized (ie, status postvasectomy), who:
Agree to practice true abstinence, when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant. (Periodic abstinence [eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods for the female partner] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.)
Agree to practice true abstinence, when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant. (Periodic abstinence [eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.) Male participants, even if surgically sterilized (ie, status postvasectomy), who:
Agree to practice true abstinence, when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant. (Periodic abstinence [eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods for the female partner] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.)
Complete abstinence is only acceptable in cases where this is the preferred and usual lifestyle of the subject.
Agree to practice true abstinence, when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant (periodic abstinence [eg, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods for the female partner] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception).
Agree to practice true abstinence, when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant. (Periodic abstinence [example, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.)
Agree to practice true abstinence, when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant. (Periodic abstinence [example, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods for the female partner] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.)
total abstinence from sexual intercourse as the preferred life style of the subject; periodic abstinence is not acceptable;
Agree to practice true abstinence, when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participants. (Periodic abstinence [example, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.) Male participants, even if surgically sterilized (that is, status postvasectomy), who:
Agree to practice true abstinence, when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participants. (Periodic abstinence [example, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods for the female partner] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception.)
