Patients who have undergone systemic treatment, within  days prior to registration, with strong cytochrome P, family , subfamily A (CYPA) inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of ginkgo biloba or St. Johns wort are not eligible
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment with strong cytochrome P family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. Johns wort)
The participant requires chronic concomitant treatment with the following strong cytochrome P family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers OTHER than antiretroviral agents: dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, primidone, modafinil, and other enzyme inducing anti-convulsant drugs (EIACD), and St. Johns wort; use of efavirenz or etravirine is permitted for participants considered for the CYPA-inducer based antiretroviral therapy (ART) regimen arm (Stratum B) of the trial; the participant will be counseled on the risk of interactions with other agents, and what to do if new medications need to be prescribed or if the participant is considering a new over-the-counter medicine or herbal product
Systemic treatment, within  days before the first dose of ixazomib, with strong cytochrome P family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. Johns wort
Treatment with strong cytochrome P family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) enzyme inhibitors or inducers, including but not limited to ketoconazole, itraconazole, ritonavir, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, phenobarbital and St. Johns wort
No concomitant (within  days prior to registration for and during protocol therapy) medications that are potent inducers (rifampicin, rifabutin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital and St. Johns Wort) of cytochrome P, family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) function
Concomitant use of strong cytochrome P, family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers such as rifampicin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, or St. Johns wort
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. Johns wort)\r\n* it is important to regularly consult a frequently-updated list; medical reference texts such as the Physicians Desk Reference may also provide this information; as part of the enrollment/informed consent procedures, the patient will be counseled on the risk of interactions with other agents, and what to do if new medications need to be prescribed or if the patient is considering a new over-the-counter medicine or herbal product
Concomitant use of strong inhibitors (e.g., ketoconazole, nefazodone, clarithromycin, gemfibrozil) or strong inducers (e.g., rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St Johns wort) of cytochrome P, family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) or cytochrome P, family , subfamily C, polypeptide  (CYPC)
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers (eg, dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. Johns wort)
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong Cytochrome P family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers (e.g. dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. Johns wort)
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P, family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers (eg, dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. Johns Wort)
Patients using cytochrome P, family , subfamily A( CYPA) inducers (eg, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St. Johns Wort dexamethasone) at a dose of greater than  mg daily, or rifampin and/or rifabutin within  days before randomization
Concurrent medication:\r\n* Rivaroxaban and vitamin-K antagonists (e.g., warfarin), but enoxaparin is allowed\r\n* No concurrent use of strong cytochrome P, family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inhibitor (e.g., ketoconazole, voriconazole, grapefruit) or inducers (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St. John's Wort [Hypericum perforatum], dexamethasone at a dose of greater than  mg daily, or rifampin [rifampicin], and/or rifabutin);  week washout period before enrollment required if any of strong inducer or inhibitors used (except for dexamethasone, dose needs to be  mg or less daily)\r\n* Use of concurrent cytochrome P enzyme-inducing anti-epileptic drugs (such as phenytoin, carbamazepine, or phenobarbital) is not allowed; (anti-epileptic levetiracetam is allowed)
Patients taking strong cytochrome P, family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital)
Any patient requiring cytochrome P family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) isoform-inducing drugs (e.g. phenytoin, phenobarbital, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, ketoconazole, St. Johns wort) will be excluded; CYPA-inducing drugs should be discontinued at least  weeks prior to the first cycle of irinotecan
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P, family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. Johns wort); as part of the enrollment/informed consent procedures, the patient will be counseled on the risk of interactions with other agents, and what to do if new medications need to be prescribed or if the patient is considering a new over-the-counter medicine or herbal product
Currently taking cytochrome P, family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inhibitors or inducers (such as the antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine, or phenobarbital; cyclosporine; grapefruit or its juice; Seville oranges; starfruit; or St. Johns wort)
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P, family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers (eg, dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. Johns wort)
Patients may not take known strong cytochrome P, family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers such as phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, rifampin or St. Johns wort or strong CYPA inhibitors such as ketoconazole, diltiazem, or verapamil
Concomitant treatment or within  days of one of the following:\r\n* Any other systemic anticancer agent other than agents used for cancer prevention\r\n* Subjects who have used strong cytochrome P A (CYPA) inducers (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St. Johns Wort [hypericum perforatum], dexamethasone at a dose of greater than  mg daily, or rifampin [rifampicin], and/or rifabutin) within  days before treatment\r\n* UDP glycosyltransferase  family, polypeptide A (UGT A) and UDP glycosyltransferase  family, polypeptide A (UGT A) substrates (e.g., irinotecan)\r\n* P-glycoprotein (Gp) substrates (e.g., Digoxin)
Subjects who have used strong cytochrome P, family , subfamily A, polypeptide A (CYPA) inducers (eg, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St. Johns wort [Hypericum perforatum], dexamethasone at a dose of greater than  mg daily, or rifampin [rifampicin], and/or rifabutin) within  days before study entry
Systemic treatment with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P, family , subfamily A (CYPA) inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. Johns wort within  days before the first dose of study treatment
Current use or anticipated inability to avoid use of drugs that are known CYPA or cytochrome P, family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers (ie, carbamazepine, dexamethasone, felbamate, omeprazole, phenobarbital, phenytoin, primidone, rifabutin, rifampin, and St. Johns wort)
Concurrent use of strong cytochrome P, family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers (e.g. rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, and St. Johns Wort)
Concurrent use of strong cytochrome P family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers (e.g. rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, and St. Johns wort)
The participant requires chronic concomitant treatment with the following strong cytochrome P, family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers OTHER than antiretroviral agents: dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, primidone, modafinil, and other enzyme inducing anti-convulsant drugs (EIACD), and St. Johns Wort; use of efavirenz or etravirine is permitted for participants considered for the CYPA-inducer based antiretroviral therapy (ART) regimen arm (Stratum B) of the trial\r\n* Although study participants will be eligible regardless of smoking history, smokers should be strongly advised to stop smoking while on erlotinib; smoking induces cytochrome P, family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) enzymes and alters erlotinib exposure by %
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P, family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John's wort)
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P, family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. Johns wort)
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers (e.g. dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. Johns wort)
The subject requires a chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentin, phenobarbital, and St. John's wort)
Strong inhibitors and inducers of cytochrome P, family , subfamily A, polypeptide  (CYPA) should be avoided whenever possible or switched to alternatives; subjects requiring chronic concomitant treatment of strong CYPA inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. Johns wort) are not eligible for this study
