Metastases located within  cm of previously irradiated (< Gy per fraction) structures if not a candidate for surgery for these lesions and if:\r\n* Spinal cord previously irradiated to >  Gy\r\n* Brachial plexus previously irradiated to >  Gy\r\n* Small intestine, large intestine, or stomach previously irradiated to >  Gy\r\n* Brainstem previously irradiated to >  Gy\r\n* Lung previously irradiated with prior V Gy > %
Metastases located within  cm of the previously irradiated structures:\r\n* Spinal cord previously irradiated to >  Gy (delivered in =<  Gy/fraction)\r\n* Brachial plexus previously irradiated to >  Gy (delivered in =<  Gy/fraction)\r\n* Small intestine, large intestine, or stomach previously irradiated to >  Gy (delivered in =<  Gy/fraction)\r\n* Brainstem previously irradiated to >  Gy (delivered in =<  Gy/fraction)\r\n* Whole lung previously irradiated with prior VGy > % (delivered in =<  Gy/fraction)\r\n* Primary tumor irradiated with SBRT\r\n* Metastasis irradiated with SBRT
Have at least  site of disease measurable by RECIST v. that has not been treated with local therapy within  months of study treatment. Tumor lesions situated in a previously irradiated area are considered measurable if progression has been demonstrated in such lesions.
Presence of measurable disease based on RECIST .; subjects with lesions in a previously irradiated field as the sole site of measurable disease will be permitted to enroll provided the lesion(s) have demonstrated clear progression and can be measured accurately
Patient must have at least  lesion, not previously irradiated, that can be accurately measured.
Presence of measurable disease per RECIST version (v).; target lesions must not be chosen from a previously irradiated field unless there has been radiographically and/or pathologically documented tumor progression in that lesion prior to enrollment.
At least  measurable lesion on imaging. Lesions that have been previously irradiated will be considered measurable only if progression has been documented following completion of radiation therapy
PHASE IB: Patients in the expansion cohort must have a measurable site of disease according to RECIST (v .) that has not been previously irradiated, or evidence of at least % progression in a previously irradiated lesion, and assessed by imaging within  days prior to registration for protocol therapy
No active brain metastasis; previously surgically treated or irradiated lesions are allowed if not clinically active
Have evaluable disease; lesions situated in a previously irradiated area are considered measurable if progression has been demonstrated in such lesions
Target tumor in region not in previously irradiated field
Patients with a target lesion located in a previously irradiated field
Presence of measurable disease per RECIST v.; target lesions must not be chosen from a previously irradiated field unless there has been radiographically and/or pathologically documented tumor progression in that lesion prior to enrollment
Have measurable disease based on RECIST . as assessed by the investigator. Lesions situated in a previously irradiated area are considered measurable if progression has been demonstrated in such lesions.
An irradiated lesion is considered evaluable only if it has shown enlargement since the completion of last radiation
Minimum of  radiographically apparent lesions such that there is:\r\n* Minimum of one lesion in areas that have not been previously irradiated that is considered measurable by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria AND\r\n* Minimum of two lesions in areas that have not been previously irradiated that are determined by interventional radiology to be of a size and in a location that a single probe could ablate at least % of the lesion; Note: Hepatic lesions measuring =<  cm may be treated, as determined by interventional radiology; Note: Brain metastases are not acceptable as lesions defining measurable disease, nor are they candidate lesions for cryoablation
Target lesions may be located in a previously irradiated field if there is documented (radiographic) disease progression in that site.
Have measurable disease based on RECIST . as determined by the investigator/radiology assessment; target lesions situated in a previously irradiated area are considered measurable if progression has been demonstrated in such lesions
Has measurable disease as defined by RECIST . on computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and as determined by the site study team. Tumor lesions situated in a previously irradiated area are considered measurable if progression has been demonstrated in such lesions.
Measurable disease (>  mm) and have progression of disease based on RECIST criteria; previously irradiated tumor lesions are not considered measurable unless they have progressed since radiation
Radiation within  weeks of leukapheresis. Subjects must have progressive disease in irradiated lesions or have additional non-irradiated, PET-positive lesions to be eligible. Radiation to a single lesion, if additional non-irradiated PET-positive lesions are present, is allowed up to  weeks prior to leukapheresis.
Have measurable disease based on RECIST . as confirmed by the blinded MD Anderson radiology; target lesions situated in a previously irradiated area are considered measurable if progression has been demonstrated in such lesions; Note: the same image acquisition and processing parameters should be used throughout the study for a given subject
Have measurable disease based on RECIST .; target lesions situated in a previously irradiated area are considered measurable if progression has been demonstrated in such lesions
Subjects, including those in the dose-escalation portion of the study, must have measurable disease per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria; imagining must be within  days of trial enrollment\r\n* Target lesions may be located in a previously irradiated field if there is documented (radiographic) disease progression in that site prior to trial enrollment
Have measurable disease based on RECIST .; only cohort  and  can have evaluable disease (non-measureable lesions); tumor lesions situated in a previously irradiated area are considered measurable if progression has been demonstrated in such lesions; patients may have bone metastatic disease evaluable according to tumor evaluation criteria best suitable and accepted for the tumor type evaluated
Measurable or evaluable disease as defined by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) version .; tumor lesions previously irradiated or subjected to other loco-regional therapy will only be deemed measurable if progression at the treated site after completion of therapy is clearly documented
Patients must have at least one measurable site of disease, per RECIST ., that has not been previously irradiated; if the patient has had previous radiation to the marker lesion(s), there must be evidence of progression since the radiation
All patients must have measurable or evaluable disease defined by Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors (RECIST) . criteria; if the patient has received prior radiation therapy one measurable lesion must be outside the irradiated field; lesions within an irradiated field will be followed as non-target lesions and considered evaluable; if the only site of measurable disease is within a previously irradiated field then  months must have elapsed between the completion of radiation therapy and entry on study to be considered measurable; if the specific diagnosis occurs radiologically as standard of care and a diagnostic procedure is too dangerous for any reason, subjects may be enrolled on study based on the presumptive radiographic diagnosis
Subjects with metastatic disease exclusively present within a previously irradiated field\r\n* Subjects with metastasis within and outside of previously irradiated field that is eligible for SABR are eligible
Have measurable disease based on Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) . as determined by the site study team. Target tumor lesions situated in a previously irradiated area are considered measurable if progression has been demonstrated in such lesions;
Subject has measurable disease according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) .; tumor lesions situated in previously irradiated areas are considered measurable if progression has been demonstrated in such lesions
At least one uni-dimensional measurable lesion by computed tomography (CT) scan or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) according to RECIST (RECIST version .) and no older than  days before start of the study treatment. Tumor lesions situated in a previously irradiated area, or in an area subjected to other loco-regional therapy, may be considered measurable if there has been demonstrated progression in the lesion.
Prior radiation allowed (no restriction on amount); measurable lesion(s) may not have been previously irradiated
Have measurable disease based on RECIST .., or detectable disease; lesions situated in a previously irradiated area are considered measurable if progression has been demonstrated in such lesions
Prior stereotactic radiotherapy (SRT) and prior excision of up to  melanoma brain metastases is permitted if there has been complete recovery, with no neurologic sequelae, and measurable lesions remain. Growth or change in a lesion previously irradiated will not be considered measurable. Regrowth in cavity of previously excised lesion will not be considered measurable. lesions or prior excision must have occurred ?  weeks before the start of dosing for this study
Measurable disease by investigator assessment with at least  unidimensional measurable lesion by RECIST v.. that has not previously been irradiated
Participants with paraspinal, paratracheal and mediastinal pathologic lesions larger than  centimeters unless they are previously irradiated
At least one site of disease that is measurable by RECIST (version .) criteria that has not been previously irradiated; if the patient has had previous radiation to the target lesion(s), there must be evidence of progression since the radiation
Unidimensionally measurable disease; indicator lesions must not have been irradiated unless they have grown following radiation therapy
Have measurable disease (?  measurable lesion) based on RECIST v. as determined by the site study team. Tumor lesions situated in a previously irradiated area are considered measurable if progression has been demonstrated in such lesions.
Measurable disease as defined per RECIST v. .. Tumor lesions previously irradiated or subjected to other locoregional therapy will only be deemed measureable if disease progression at the treated site after completion of therapy is clearly documented.
Patients must have measurable disease; disease in previously irradiated sites is considered measurable if there is clear disease progression following radiation therapy
have at least  measurable lesion assessable by radiological imaging. Tumor lesions located in a previously irradiated area are considered measureable if progression has been demonstrated in such lesions
Previous use of systemic chemotherapy or other investigational drugs for the treatment of inoperable locally recurrent or metastatic tumors (previous use of radiotherapy or chemotherapy in this setting is not an exclusion criterion if: ) non-irradiated target tumor lesions are present at randomization for the purpose of tumor response assessment or ) in the absence of non-irradiated target tumor lesions, progression of the irradiated tumor lesions according to the RECIST criteria version . is documented)
Metastases located within  cm of the previously irradiated structures:\r\n* Spinal cord previously irradiated to >  Gy (delivered in =<  Gy/fraction)\r\n* Brachial plexus previously irradiated to >  Gy (delivered in =<  Gy/fraction)\r\n* Small intestine, large intestine, or stomach previously irradiated to >  Gy (delivered in =<  Gy/fraction)\r\n* Brain stem previously irradiated to >  Gy (delivered in =<  Gy/fraction)\r\n* Whole lung previously irradiated with prior volume  Gy (VGy) > % (delivered in =<  Gy/fraction)\r\n* Primary tumor irradiated with SBRT\r\n* Metastasis irradiated with SBRT
Measurable disease; Note: previously irradiated sites can be included if there is documented disease progression in that site
At least one lesion (excluding the brain), not previously irradiated that can be accurately measured per RECIST version .
Target lesions may be located in a previously irradiated field if there is documented (radiographic) disease progression in that site
At least one lesion, not previously irradiated.
Have at least  measurable lesion per RECIST v.. Note: Previously irradiated lesions may not be used for target lesions, unless there is unambiguous radiological progression after radiotherapy. Brain lesions may not be used as target lesions if they were: ) previously treated with whole brain radiation therapy (WBRT) within  months, or ) previously treated by stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS) or surgical resection.
Measurable (RECIST) indicator lesion not previously irradiated.
At least one uni-dimensional measurable lesion by computed tomography (CT) scan or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) according to RECIST (RECIST version .), and modified RECIST for HCC. Tumor lesions situated in a previously irradiated area, or in an area subjected to other loco-regional therapy, may be considered measurable if there has been demonstrated progression in the lesion.
Patients must have recurrent or metastatic tumor located within a previously irradiated field
Subjects must have measurable or evaluable disease; disease sites that are evaluable for progression but not measurable per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) guidelines version . include:\r\n* Bone lesions\r\n* Previously irradiated lesions\r\n* Cutaneous manifestations (non-discrete lesions only)
Dose Expansion phase: At least  measurable lesion which has not been treated previously with radiotherapy. A newly arising lesion in a previously irradiated field is acceptable
At least  target lesion, as defined by RECIST, that has not been irradiated; new lesions that have developed in a previously irradiated field may be used as sites of measurable disease assuming all other criteria are met; all target lesions must have a unidimensional diameter of at least  cm for spiral computed tomography (CT) scans if the reconstruction algorithm is . cm, or a standard uptake value (SUV) >= .; baseline measurements/evaluations must be completed within  weeks prior to treatment
If spinal metastases is within previously irradiated field, there must be a  month interval between prior radiation course and study registration
Subject must have at least  measureable lesion based on RECIST V.. Previously irradiated lesions will not be considered as measurable lesions.
At least one lesion measurable by RECIST not previously irradiated (Monotherapy and in Cohorts A and B)
Measurable disease as determined by per RECIST criteria v.. If the only site of measurable disease is a previously irradiated lesion, documented progression of disease and a  week period since radiotherapy completion is required
Presence of non-target lesions that have not previously been irradiated or biopsied; to allow for collection of needle-biopsies at Screening and after completion of Kevetrin treatment
Measurable disease, as defined by RECIST v.; previously irradiated lesions can be counted as target lesions if clearly progressing after radiation
Tumors in previously irradiated fields may be considered measureable if there is evidence of tumor progression after radiation treatment.
At least  measurable tumor lesion, as defined by mWHO criteria, that is not located in a previously irradiated area
Have measurable disease based on modified severity-weighted assessment tool (mSWAT); tumor lesions situated in a previously irradiated area are considered measurable if progression has been demonstrated in such lesions
Patients must have at least one measurable site of disease according to RECIST . that has not been previously irradiated
Must have measurable disease (RECIST v.) in at least one lesion not previously irradiated unless documented evidence of progression
Patients with prior SRS will also be eligible, provided that there are new, non-irradiated measurable brain lesions
Measurable disease per the RECIST criteria. For disease occurring in previously irradiated field, there must be confirmed progression prior to the date registration and more than three months after completion of radiotherapy
Phase II: Have at least  metastatic lesion other than the primary pancreatic tumor that is evaluable per RECIST . criteria; lesions previously irradiated are not considered evaluable
Have measurable disease based on modified severity-weighted assessment tool (mSWAT); tumor lesions situated in a previously irradiated area are considered measurable if progression has been demonstrated in such lesions
Tumor to be irradiated as measurable by RECIST . or PRC
Prior RT to the same region that would be irradiated in this study
Participants with paraspinal, paratracheal, and mediastinal pathological lesions larger than  centimeters (cm) unless they are previously irradiated
