Chronic renal failure or current evidence of moderate to severe renal impairment.
Has difficulty climbing a flight of stairs or walking eight blocks due to physical impairment
Subjects in whom the required program of PO and IV fluid hydration is contraindicated, e.g., due to pre-existing pulmonary, cardiac, or renal impairment
Pts in whom the required program of oral and intravenous fluid hydration is contraindicated, e.g. due to pre-existing pulmonary, cardiac, or renal impairment
Known clinically important respiratory impairment
Severe bone marrow, renal or liver impairment.
Subjects with pulmonary, cardiac, hepatic, or renal impairment that would limit their ability to receive cytoreductive therapy and compromise their survival; this includes, but is not restricted to, subjects with any of the following:
Renal impairment with a creatinine > . mg/dl
Clinical evidence of significant renal impairment
Patients in whom IV fluid hydration is contraindicated (e.g. due to pre-existing pulmonary, cardiac, or renal impairment) will NOT be eligible for participation
Any clinically significant pre-existing severe renal disease (eg, glomerulonephritis, nephritic syndrome, Fanconi Syndrome or renal tubular acidosis) or high risk of developing severe renal impairment.
Bone marrow impairment, renal impairment, liver function abnormality and impaired cardiac function as defined in the protocol
Patients with moderate to severe renal impairment.
Pre-existing hearing impairment (patients who are willing to accept risk of further impairment will be considered after audiologic testing)
Significant cardiac impairment
Impairment of gastrointestinal function
Impairment of gastrointestinal function
Subjects in whom the required program of PO and IV fluid hydration is contraindicated, eg, due to pre-existing pulmonary, cardiac, or renal impairment
Impairment of gastrointestinal function
>= grade  proteinuria at baseline or clinically significant impairment of renal function
Patients with impairment of gastrointestinal function or disease
Severe (CTCAE v . grade  or higher) concurrent hepatic impairment, renal impairment, heart disease, hematological disease, respiratory disease, or metabolic disease
Severe renal impairment.
Known clinically important respiratory impairment
Known hepatic impairment including cirrhosis, known renal impairment including renal insufficiency or glomerulonephritis and severe cerebral or peripheral vascular disease;
Neuropathy Impairment Score requirement of -
Patients in whom the required program of oral and IV fluid hydration is contraindicated, e.g. due to severe pre-existing pulmonary, cardiac, or renal impairment
Patients in whom the required program of oral and IV fluid hydration is contraindicated, e.g. due to pre-existing pulmonary, cardiac, or renal impairment
Subjects with severe renal impairment (GFR < mL/min/. m) or on dialysis.
Severe renal impairment (stage B) defined as eGFR <  cc/min/. m^ as measured by the CKD-EPI calculation
Significant renal impairment as determined per investigator discretion
Have severe hepatic impairment, severe renal impairment, or end-stage renal disease as determined by the treating physician
Individuals with visual impairment or blindness will be excluded
Severe visual or auditory impairment
Severe renal impairment as measured eGFR less than  per institutional laboratory
Patients with severe renal impairment defined as creatinine clearance of - mL/min and/or diagnosed with stage  chronic kidney disease
Has difficulty climbing a flight of stairs due to physical impairment
Visual impairment from any cause
For patient aged  years with known mild to moderate hepatic impairment: in the Investigator's opinion the impairment does not jeopardize patient's safety during the study.
For patient aged  years with known mild to moderate renal impairment: in the Investigator's opinion the impairment should not jeopardize patient's safety during the study.
Renal impairment
Renal impairment
Known or suspected renal impairment; requirements for GFR prior to MRI as determined by local site standard practice
Presence of visual impairment to an extent that the patient is unable to complete the computer testing
Subjects who have cardiac or known circulatory impairment, and/or the inability to perspire (poor thermoregulatory function)
Renal function impairment preventing administration of MRI contrast
Renal function impairment preventing administration of MRI contrast
Known hepatobiliary disease or impairment
Reasonably able to read a newspaper or book (without sight impairment)
