Age >/=18 years at the time the ICF is signed
Male or female patients, age 18 years or older at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF).
Must be ? 18 years of age at the time of signing the ICF.
Subject is ? 18 years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF).
Men or women ? 18 years old at the time of signing the ICF
Participant is considered a legal adult by local regulation at the time of signing informed consent form (ICF).
Must be ? 18 years of age at the time of signing the ICF.
Subject is 1 to < 21 years of age at the time of signing the Informed Consent Form/Informed Assent Form (ICF/IAF).
Hospitalized for sickle cell crisis or other vaso-occlusive event within 14 days of signing the ICF (i.e., a vaso-occlusive event cannot be within 14 days prior to signing the ICF)
Patients ?18 years of age at the time of signature of the ICF
All acute toxic effects of any prior treatment have resolved to NCI-CTCAE v 4.0 Grade 1 or less (except alopecia) at the time of signing the Informed Consent Form (ICF)
Has read, understood, and signed the ICF
Subject is ? 18 years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF)
Has read and understands the informed consent form (ICF) and has given written ICF prior to any study procedures
Male or female is 1 to ? 18 years of age at the time of signing the Informed Consent Form / Informed Assent Form (ICF/IAF).
Subject is male or female, ? 18 years old at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF).
Subject is ? 18 years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF)
Age ? 65 years at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF). 11. Central confirmation of diagnosis of one of the following untreated AML as per WHO classification (Appendix I):
Subjects with hypothyroidism (eg, following Hashimoto syndrome) stable on hormone replacement for ? 3 months prior to signing the ICF; or
Significant active cardiac disease within the previous 6 months prior to signing the ICF, including:
Patients must have the ability to understand, and have signed an approved ICF
Subjects must be ?18 years of age at the time of signing the Informed Consent Form (ICF);
Men and women ? 18 years of age, at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF).
All acute toxic effects of any prior treatment have resolved to NCI-CTCAE v4.0 Grade 1 or less at the time of signing the Informed Consent Form (ICF).
Lost greater than or equal to 10% of body weight in the 3 months proceeding signing the ICF
Females or males, aged >=18 years at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF).
Platelet >= 75,000 cells/mm^3, +/- 7 days from date of ICF signing
Hemoglobin > 9 g/dL, +/- 7 days from date of ICF signing
Adult male or female ? 18 years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF).
No prior anti-cancer therapy for the treatment of metastatic disease at the time of signing the ICF. Adjuvant treatment is permitted providing cytotoxic chemotherapy was completed 12 months prior to signing the ICF and without disease recurrence.
Venous thromboembolism within 1 month prior to signing ICF.
Treatment with any investigational product within 28 days prior to signing the ICF.
Prior exposure to an investigational agent or device within 30 days of signing the ICF. Of note, the subject may participate in observational studies;
Signed ICF
Both men and women in the rituximab combination arm (Cohort B) must practice contraception as described above from the time of signing of the informed consent form (ICF) through 12 months after the last dose of study drug.
Males or females age ?18 years at the time of informed consent form (ICF)
Has the ability to read and understand subject Informed Consent Form (ICF).
Subject is ? 18 years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF).
Subject is considered an adult according to local regulation at the time of obtaining consent form (ICF).
Be > 18 years of age on day of signing informed consent
Age . 18 years old at the time of signing the informed consent
Any HSCT within 6 months prior to signing informed consent
At least 18 or older of age on day of signing informed consent
Subject must have a brain scan performed during Screening or within 3 months prior to signing informed consent;
COHORT 1: Be >= 18 years of age on day of signing informed consent
COHORT 2: Be >= 65 years of age on day of signing informed consent
Patients must be a male or female ? 18 years of age on the day of signing informed consent.
Patients age ?18 years at signing the informed consent.
Patients age ?18 years at signing the informed consent.
At least 18 years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form.
Subject is ?18 years of age at the time of signing the study informed consent.
Age ?18 years on the day of signing informed consent.
Males ?18 years of age at the time of signing consent
Men and women ?18 years old on the day of signing informed consent.
Age ? 18 years old at the time of signing the informed consent
Age >=18 years at time of signing Informed Consent Form
Be ? 18 years of age on day of signing informed consent.
Age ?18 years at the time of signing informed consent.
Subject is ?18 years of age at the time of signing the study informed consent.
Signing of the Informed Consent Form
Psychiatric disorder that would preclude patients from signing an informed consent
Be 18 years of age on day of signing informed consent.
Clinical performance status of ECOG 0-1 within 30 days of signing informed consent
Newly diagnosed MCL: Age > 65 years at the time of signing the informed consent
All patients must have a surgical and medical oncology consult prior to signing informed consent
Psychiatric disorder that would preclude patients from signing an informed consent
Age ?18 years at the time of signing the informed consent form.
Subject must be >=18 years of at the time of signing the informed consent.
Use of investigational agent within 30 days of signing informed consent
Pregnant or nursing at the time of signing informed consent
Between 18 and 80 years of age inclusive, at the time of signing the informed consent.
Be > 18 years of age on day of signing informed consent.
Subject is at least 65 years old at the time of signing the consent form.
Age ? 18 years at time of signing informed consent form.
Male or female patients ? 18 years of age on day of signing informed consent.
Aged ?18 years at signing of informed consent.
18 years of age at the time of signing informed consent
Age ? 18 years of age at the time of signing the Informed Consent Form. 2. Understand and voluntarily provide written consent to the Informed Consent Form prior to conducting any study related assessments/procedures.
Venous thromboembolism within 6 months prior to signing Informed Consent Form.
Aged ?18 years at signing of informed consent
Subject is considered an adult according to local regulation at the time of signing informed consent.
have undergone ASCT within the period ? 3 months prior to signing the informed consent form.
Males and females at least 18 years of age at the time of signing of the informed consent document.
Age ? 18 years of age at the time of signing the informed consent document.
Males and females aged >=18 years (for Japan only: Age >=20 years at time of signing Informed Consent Form) with histologically confirmed metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC).
Male or female and ?18 years of age on day of signing informed consent.
Be 18 years of age or older on day of signing informed consent.
Age ?18 years at the time of signing the informed consent document.
Age ? 15 years and < 71 years at the time of signing the informed consent form
Autologous HCT < 3 months prior to the time of signing the informed consent form
MDS subjects may not receive RIC and must be < 50 years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form
Participant is ? 18 years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form.
Subject is ? 18 years of age or is considered an adult according to local regulation at the time of signing informed consent.
Be ? 18 years of age on day of signing informed consent.
Subject is female ? 18 years of age (at the time of signing the informed consent form) with metastatic breast cancer not amenable to curative treatment by surgery or radiotherapy.
Psychiatric disorder that would preclude patients from signing an informed consent
Male or Female ? 18 years old at the time of signing the informed consent.
Chemotherapy (approved or investigational) within 3 weeks prior to signing consent
Antibody therapy within 6 weeks prior to signing consent
Radiotherapy to >= 3 sites at the same time within 1 week prior to signing consent
Immunotherapy within 28 days prior to signing consent
Must be ? 18yrs at the time of signing informed consent.
Systemic chemotherapy within 2 weeks prior to study entry (signing consent form)
Age > = 18 years at the time of signing the informed consent form.
Patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia requiring treatment age >65 at the time of signing informed consent.
Age > than 18 years at the time of signing the informed consent form.
Must be greater than or equal to 18 years at the time of signing the informed consent form.
Subject is 18 years of age or more at the time of signing the Informed Consent Form
Psychiatric disorder that would preclude patients from signing an informed consent
Males and females ? 18 years of age at the time of signing the informed consent document (ICD).
Males and females ?18 years of age at the time of signing the consent form.
Thrombocytopenia (platelet count ? 100,000/µL) at any time after signing informed consent
Be ? 18 years of age on day of signing informed consent.
Subjects ? 18 years age and ? 80 years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form.
Men and women ? 18-years-old on the day of signing informed consent.
Platelets greater than 150,000 cells/mm^3; these results can be within last 60 days from the day of signing informed consent
Age ? 18 years of age at the time of signing the Informed Consent Form.
Age ? 18 to ? 80 years at the time of signing the informed consent form
Male or female between 18 to 65 years of age, inclusive, at the time of signing the informed consent form;
Male or female >=12 months and <18 years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form.
Age ? 18 years at the time of signing consent
Patients must be capable of signing an informed consent
Age ? 18 to ? 80 years at the time of signing the informed consent form
Subject is ?18 years of age at the time of signing the study informed consent.
Patients with obvious unresectable disease prior to signing informed consent
Men and women with literacy as demonstrated by reading and signing informed consent form
Patients with obvious unresectable disease prior to signing informed consent
Male or female, ? 18 years of age at the time of signing the informed consent document
?18 years of age at the time of signing informed consent
Has evidence of CMV viremia (if tested) at any time from either signing of the Informed Consent Form or the HSCT procedure, whichever is earlier, until the time of randomization.
Female patients of childbearing potential or less than 2 years postmenopausal agree to use an acceptable form of contraception from the time of signing informed consent until 30 days after study completion
For study Arm 1, female subjects of childbearing potential or less than 2 years postmenopausal agree to use an acceptable form of contraception from the time of signing informed consent until 30 days after study completion unless total hysterectomy performed at the time of original operation
Female patients of childbearing potential or less than 2 years postmenopausal agree to use an acceptable form of contraception from the time of signing informed consent until 30 days after study completion
Males and females of age ? 18 years or of age ? 22 years for those assigned to Optune™ at the time of signing of the informed consent document.
Men and women ? 18 years of age, at the time of signing the ICD (Informed Consent Document).
