Patient has an unresolved ? Grade 2 adverse event (AE) from a previous antineoplastic treatment, excluding alopecia and phlebitis
Has not recovered from the adverse effect of previous anticancer treatments to pre-treatment baseline or Grade 1 except for alopecia, anemia (hemoglobin must meet the study inclusion criteria) and peripheral neuropathy (which must have recovered to ? Grade 2).
Recovery to =< grade 1 or baseline of any toxicity due to prior systemic treatments, excluding alopecia
At least two weeks from last radiation therapy, with recovery of all treatment related toxicity to grade 1 or less (excluding alopecia)
Recovered to Grade 1 from the effects (excluding alopecia) of any prior therapy for their malignancies
Recovery to =< grade 1 or baseline of any toxicities due to prior systemic treatments, excluding alopecia
Recovery to Grade 1 or baseline of any toxicity due to prior systemic treatments or radiotherapy (excluding alopecia).
ENROLLMENT TO THE DOSE ESCALATION, EXPANSION AND PART II: Patients must have recovered to =< grade 1 in terms of toxicity from prior treatments (excluding neuropathy which can be =< grade 2, and alopecia)
Have not recovered from toxicity of prior therapy defined as a return to < grade 1 at the time of dose assignment, graded according to CTCAE v4.03 (excluding alopecia, neuropathy, and lymphopenia)
Vitiligo or alopecia.
Recovery to grade ? 1 or to baseline from any adverse event (AE) derived from previous treatment (excluding alopecia and/or cutaneous toxicity and/or peripheral neuropathy and/or fatigue grade ? 2).
Patients must have recovered all toxicities from prior therapy or radiation to grade 1 or less (excluding alopecia)
Patients must be recovered to grade 1 from the effects (excluding alopecia) of any prior therapy for their malignancies
Recovery from recent surgery, radiotherapy, chemotherapy or any other anti-cancer therapy to baseline or ? Grade 1 (other than alopecia); ? Grade 2 neuropathy allowed
Inadequate recovery from adverse events related to prior therapy to grade ? 1 (excluding grade 2 alopecia and neuropathy)
Recovery to Grade 1 of any clinically significant toxicity (excluding alopecia) prior to initiation of study drug administration
Recovery (i.e., to grade 1 or baseline) from all clinically significant adverse event (AE)s related to prior therapies (excluding alopecia, neuropathy, and nail changes)
Inadequate recovery from adverse events related to prior therapy to grade =< 1 (excluding grade 2 alopecia and neuropathy)
Recovered to grade 1 from the effects (excluding alopecia) of any prior therapy for their malignancies
Recovery from adverse events of previous systemic anti-cancer therapies to baseline or grade 1, except for:\r\n* Alopecia\r\n* Stable neuropathy of =< grade 2 due to prior cancer therapy
Recovery from adverse events of previous systemic anti-cancer therapies to baseline or grade 1, except for: \r\n* Alopecia\r\n* Stable neuropathy of =< grade 2 due to prior cancer therapy
Patients must have recovered all toxicities from prior therapy or radiation to grade 1 or less (excluding alopecia).
Recovery to Grade 1 or baseline of any toxicities due to prior treatments, excluding alopecia
Recovered from all acute adverse effects of prior therapies, excluding alopecia (hair loss)
Inadequate recovery from adverse events related to prior therapy to grade =< 1 (excluding grade 2 alopecia and neuropathy)
Participant must have recovery to Grade 0 or 1 of any clinically significant toxicity (excluding alopecia) prior to initiation of study drug administration.
The patient has not recovered from adverse events related to prior therapy to Grade ?1 (excluding Grade 2 alopecia and neuropathy)
Patient has not recovered to grade 1 or better (except alopecia) from related side effects of any prior antineoplastic therapy
Recovery from the adverse effects ? grade 1;
Recovery to Grade 1 of any clinically significant toxicity (excluding alopecia) prior to initiation of study drug administration
Recovery (ie, to Grade 1 or baseline) from all clinically significant AEs related to prior therapies (excluding alopecia, neuropathy, and nail changes)
Patients not recovered to Grade 1 or stabilized from the effects (excluding alopecia) of any prior therapy for their malignancies
Recovery to ? Grade 1 or baseline of any toxicities due to prior systemic treatments, excluding alopecia;
At least a two-week washout period since the end of the last therapy (six weeks for a prior nitrosourea-containing regimen), recovery to grade ? 1 from any non-hematological adverse event (AE) derived from previous treatment (excluding alopecia).
Recovery to Grade 1 or baseline of any toxicity due to prior systemic treatments (excluding alopecia).
Patient has not recovered to grade 1 or better (except alopecia) from related side effects of any prior antineoplastic therapy
Patient who has not recovered to grade 1 or better (except alopecia) from related side effects of any prior antineoplastic therapy
Patients must have recovered to =< grade 1 in terms of toxicity from prior treatments (excluding neuropathy which can be =< grade 2)
Adequate recovery from any adverse events resulting from prior anti-neoplastic treatment including chemotherapy, biological therapy, targeted small molecule therapy, radiation therapy, and surgery as determined by the investigator (and in consultation with the study PI); in most instances, adequate recovery is resolution to =< grade 1 except for alopecia of any grade, grade 2 neuropathy and/ or any grade hearing loss
are recovered from the acute adverse effects of prior therapies (excluding alopecia and Grade ?2 neuropathy).
Patient has not recovered to ? grade 1 (except alopecia) from related side effects of any prior antineoplastic therapy
Subjects who have not recovered from the adverse effects of prior therapy at the time of enrollment to ? grade 1; excluding alopecia and grade 2 neuropathy.
Has not recovered from the adverse effects of previous anti-cancer treatments to pre-treatment baseline or Grade 1, except for alopecia, anemia (hemoglobin must meet the present study inclusion criterion), and peripheral neuropathy (which must have recovered to ? Grade 2).
Recovery to grade ? 1 or to baseline from any AE derived from previous treatment (excluding alopecia of any grade).
Patient with an unresolved ? Grade 2 AE from a previous antineoplastic treatment, excluding alopecia.
Patient has an unresolved ? Grade 2 AE from a previous antineoplastic treatment, excluding alopecia.
Recovery to grade 1 or baseline of any toxicity due to prior anticancer therapies (excluding alopecia)
Failure to recover to Grade 1 or lower toxicity related to prior systemic therapy (excluding alopecia and neuropathy) prior to study entry
Patients must have recovered from all acute adverse effects (excluding alopecia) of prior therapies to baseline or <= grade 1 prior to study entry.
Failure to recover to Grade 1 or lower toxicity related to prior systemic therapy (excluding alopecia and neuropathy) prior to study entry
Less than 20 teeth (excluding third molars)
Recovery to grade ? 1 from any AE derived from previous treatment (excluding alopecia and/or cutaneous toxicity and/or asthenia).
Recovery to Grade 1 of any clinically significant toxicity (excluding alopecia) prior to initiation of study drug.
Recovery from prior surgery and recovery from adverse events to grade 1 or less (except alopecia) due to prior radiation therapy and any systemic therapy.
