Life expectancy of at least 12 weeks based on investigator estimate
Life expectancy > 12 weeks as determined by the Investigator.
Life expectancy of at least 3 months in the opinion of the investigator
Life expectancy >/= 3 months, as determined by the investigator;
Life expectancy > 12 weeks as determined by the Investigator.
Subject must have a life expectancy of > 3 months, in the Investigator's judgment;
Life expectancy ?3 months in the judgment of the investigator.
Life expectancy > 6 months per investigator
Life expectancy >3 months, in the judgment of the investigator.
Life expectancy ?3 months, as determined by the investigator
Life expectancy >3 months as per investigator's assessment.
In the opinion of the Investigator, the patient has a life expectancy of > 3 months.
Life expectancy ?3 years, as judged by the site investigator
Life expectancy, in the opinion of the investigator, greater than or equal to (>=) 12 weeks
A life expectancy of at least 3 months as assessed by the Investigator.
Life expectancy > 6 months in opinion of Investigator
Have an investigator determined life expectancy of at least 6 months
Life expectancy < 6 months due to any condition other than BOS that, in the opinion of the investigator, is likely to result in the death of the patient
Life expectancy ?3 months in the judgement of the investigator
Life expectancy of at least 3 months, in the opinion of the investigator.
Have a life expectancy of at least 3 months, in the opinion of the investigator.
Life expectancy of greater than 3 months in the opinion of the investigator.
Have an investigator determined life expectancy of at least 6 months
Life expectancy of 3 months or more as assessed by the investigator
Life expectancy of greater than three months in the opinion of the investigator
Life expectancy of >= 12 weeks based on investigator estimate
Life expectancy of at least 3 months at the time of screening as judged by the investigator
Life expectancy of >= 12 weeks as determined by treating investigator
Life expectancy of at least 12 weeks after the start of the treatment according to the Investigator's judgement
Life expectancy of at least 3 months in the opinion of investigator
Subjects must have a life expectancy of at least 12 weeks, in the opinion of the investigator.
Have an investigator determined life expectancy of at least 6 months
Life expectancy of at least 12 weeks in the opinion of investigator
Life expectancy is not severely limited by concomitant illness in the opinion of the treating investigator
Life expectancy of at least 12 weeks in opinion of principal investigator (PI) and/or designee
Life expectancy of at least 12 weeks in the opinion of investigator
Life expectancy of > 12 weeks, in the opinion of and as documented by the investigator
Life expectancy > 12 weeks in the opinion of the investigator
Life expectancy of >= 12 months as determined by treating investigator
Life expectancy of ? 12 weeks in the opinion of the Investigator
Life expectancy of > 12 weeks from screening, according to the investigator's assessment.
Estimated life expectancy < 28 days in the opinion of the enrolling investigator
The patient has a prior or concurrent malignancy that in the opinion of the investigator, presents a greater risk to the patient’s health and survival, than of the MCL with a life expectancy < 2 years.
Patient has a life expectancy of at least 3 months in the opinion of the investigator.
Expected life expectancy of < 12 weeks as determined by the investigator
Life expectancy >= 12 weeks (in the opinion of the enrolling investigator)
Life expectancy (untreated) of > 4 months, in the opinion of and as documented by the investigator
Life expectancy < 6 months based on judgement of investigator
No presence of uncontrolled systemic disease or tumor related complication which, in opinion of the investigator, might restrict life expectancy to less than 3 months
Life expectancy of greater than 3 months in the opinion of the investigator
Life expectancy of at least 3 months in the opinion of investigator
Life expectancy >2 years, in the opinion of the investigator
Life expectancy, in the opinion of the investigator of greater than or equal (>/=) to 12 weeks
Life expectancy of ? 6 months per the investigator.
Life expectancy of at least 12 months as per the investigator's judgment
Life expectancy >=3 months, in the investigator's judgment
Life expectancy of ? 6 months per the investigator
Life expectancy of ? 3 months, in the opinion of the investigator
Life expectancy > 3 months in the opinion of the investigator
Life expectancy of at least 3 months in the opinion of the investigator
Life expectancy >= 12 weeks as judged by the Investigator
Subject has an estimated life expectancy of at least 3 months on Day 1, in the opinion of the investigator.
The participant has, in the opinion of the investigator, a life expectancy of at least 3 months.
Life expectancy of > 3 months (in the opinion of the investigator)
In the opinion of the investigator, subject has rapidly progressing disease, OR has life expectancy of less than 6 months, OR would be unable to receive at least one cycle of therapy.
Life expectancy of at least 12 weeks (3 months) as determined by the investigator
In the opinion of the Investigator, life expectancy > 6 months.
Life expectancy of >= 12 months as determined by treating investigator
Life expectancy of at least 3 months in opinion of treating investigator
Life expectancy of at least 3 months in the opinion of investigator
Life expectancy > 3 months as assessed by the investigator
Known history of or concomitant malignancy likely to affect life expectancy in the judgment of the investigator
Life expectancy of more than 6 months, in the opinion of the investigator
Life expectancy of > 3 months, in the opinion of the investigator
Subject has predicted life expectancy ? 12 weeks in the opinion of the investigator.
Patients must have a life expectancy of > 3 months, in the opinion of and as documented by the investigator
In the opinion of the investigator, the participants have a life expectancy of at least 3 months.
Life expectancy of >= 12 weeks, in the opinion of and as documented by the investigator
Life expectancy of > 12 weeks, in the opinion of and as documented by the investigator
Life expectancy of greater than 3 months in the opinion of the principal investigator
Predicted life expectancy ? 12 weeks in the judgment of the investigator or sub-investigator.
Life expectancy of greater than 3 months in the opinion of the investigator
In the opinion of the investigator, subjects who have a life expectancy fewer than 30 days.
Life expectancy of at least 6 months, in the opinion of the investigator
Subject has a life expectancy of at least 12 months as assessed by the investigator
Life expectancy of at least 3 months as judged by the investigator
Life expectancy < 3 months in the opinion of the Investigator
Life expectancy of at least 3 months as assessed by the investigator
Life expectancy of >3 months, in the opinion of the investigator
Life expectancy greater than or equal to (>=) 12 weeks, in the opinion of the investigator
Life expectancy greater than 12 weeks in the opinion of the Investigator
Life expectancy of at least 6 months in the opinion of the investigator.
Life expectancy of greater than 3 months in the opinion of the investigator
Life expectancy of at least 6 months in the opinion of the investigator.
Patients must have a life expectancy >= 8 weeks as determined by the enrolling investigator
Patient has an estimated life expectancy greater than or equal to 6 months in the opinion of the investigator
LIfe expectancy >=3 months, as determined by the investigator
Life expectancy greater than 6 months based on the judgment of the investigator and documented during screening.
Life expectancy of >= 12 weeks, in the opinion of the investigator
Life expectancy < 3 months, in the opinion of the Investigator.
Minimum life expectancy of 3 months per the judgment of the investigator
