Females of childbearing potential (FCBP) must have 2 negative pregnancy tests (sensitivity of at least 50 mIU/mL) prior to initiating lenalidomide: the first pregnancy test must be performed within 10-14 days before and the second pregnancy test must be performed within 24 hours before lenalidomide is prescribed for cycle 1 (prescriptions must be filled within 7 days)
Have a negative result confirmed for a medically supervised urine (or serum) pregnancy test (with a sensitivity of at least 25 mIU/mL) 10-14 days prior to the first dose of IP. A second pregnancy test performed within 24 hours prior to the first dose of IP must also be confirmed to be negative prior to IP administration.
Females of childbearing potential (FCBP) must have a negative serum or urine pregnancy test with a sensitivity of at least 50 mIU/mL prior to starting therapy and prior to beginning another cycle (if applicable)
Women must not be pregnant or breastfeeding; females of childbearing potential should have 2 negative pregnancy tests (sensitivity of at least 50 mIU/mL); the first test should be performed within 10-14 days, and the second test within 24 hours prior to prescribing lenalidomide
Female subjects with reproductive potential must agree to undergo a medically supervised pregnancy test prior to starting study drug. The first pregnancy test will be performed at screening (within 7 days prior to first study drug administration). A pregnancy test should also be performed on the day of the first study drug administration and confirmed negative prior to dosing as well as before dosing on Day 1 of all subsequent cycles
Females of childbearing potential (FCBP) must have 2 negative pregnancy tests (sensitivity of at least 25 mIU/mL) prior to initiating lenalidomide; the first pregnancy test must be performed within 10-14 days before and the second pregnancy test must be performed within 24 hours before lenalidomide is prescribed for cycle 1 (prescriptions must be filled within 7 days)
For females of childbearing age, they may participate it they: a. have a negative serum or urine pregnancy test within 10 to 14 days of enrolling (a second pregnancy test will be performed within 24 hours (hrs) of starting therapy and both negative pregnancy tests will be required for starting therapy); b. agree to either abstinence or 2 effective contraceptive methods throughout the treatment period and up to 28 days after discontinuing treatment
Females of childbearing potential (FCBP) must have a negative serum or urine pregnancy test with a sensitivity of at least 50 mIU/mL within 10-14 days prior to study entry
If subject is a female of childbearing potential (FCBP),† she must have a negative serum or urine pregnancy test with a sensitivity of at least 25 mIU/mL within 10 - 14 days prior to and again within 24 hours of prescribing lenalidomide
Negative (serum or urine) pregnancy test done =< 7 days prior to registration, for women of childbearing potential only; NOTE: a second pregnancy test must be performed within 24 hours prior to the start of lenalidomide; the subject may not receive lenalidomide until the study doctor has verified that the results of these pregnancy tests are negative
Women of child-bearing potential must have a negative serum or urine pregnancy test with a sensitivity of at least 50 mIU/mL within 10 days and again within 24 hours prior to beginning study treatment
All subjects and/or parents/guardians must have an understanding that lenalidomide could have a potential teratogenic risk. Female Children of Childbearing Potential, defined as females who have achieved menarche and/or breast development in Tanner Stage 2 or greater and have not undergone a hysterectomy or bilateral oophorectomy and FCBP defined as a sexually mature woman who has not undergone a hysterectomy or bilateral oophorectomy and has not been naturally postmenopausal for at least 24 consecutive months (ie, has had menses at any time in the preceding 24 consecutive months) must meet the following conditions below (Note: Amenorrhea following cancer therapy does not rule out childbearing potential): - Medically supervised serum pregnancy tests with a sensitivity of at least 25 mIU/mL must be conducted in FCCBP/FCBP, including those who commit to complete abstinence*. FCCBP/FCBP must have two pregnancy tests (with a minimum sensitivity of 25 mIU/mL) prior to starting treatment with lenalidomide. The first pregnancy test must be performed within 10 - 14 days prior to the start of lenalidomide treatment and the second pregnancy test must be performed within 24 hours prior to starting treatment with lenalidomide. NOTE: The pregnancy test 10 to 14 days prior to initiation of lenalidomide may be omitted, at the discretion of the investigator, for any FCCBP/FCBP who has high acuity disease requiring immediate treatment with lenalidomide. The pregnancy test within 24 hours prior to the first dose of lenalidomide is required to be performed. The subject may not receive Investigational Product (IP) until the Investigator has verified that the results of these pregnancy tests performed on Cycle 1 Day 1 are negative. FCCBP/FCBP with regular or no menstrual cycles must agree to have pregnancy tests weekly for the first 28 days of study participation and then every 28 days while on study, at study Treatment Discontinuation Visit, and at Day 28 following IP discontinuation. If menstrual cycles are irregular, the pregnancy testing must occur weekly for the first 28 days and then every 14 days while on study, at study Treatment Discontinuation Visit, and at Days 14 and 28 following IP discontinuation.
Have 2 negative pregnancy tests as verified by the Investigator prior to starting any IP therapy: serum pregnancy test at screening and negative serum or urine pregnancy test (Investigator's discretion) within 72 hours prior to starting treatment with IP (Cycle 1, Day 1). They must agree to ongoing pregnancy testing during the course of the study (before beginning each subsequent cycle of treatment), and after the last dose of any IP. This applies even if the subject practices complete abstinence[2] from heterosexual contact.
Agree to have a medically supervised serum pregnancy test with sensitivity of at least 25 mIU/mL obtained at Screening. A serum pregnancy test is to be performed within 72 hours prior to Day 1 of starting study therapy on Cycle 1 Day -6, and within 72 hours prior to Day 1 of every subsequent cycle, and at the Treatment Discontinuation Visit. The subject may not receive IP until the Investigator has verified that the result of the pregnancy test is negative.
Negative serum pregnancy test at screening (sensitivity of at least 25 mIU/mL); (Note that the screening serum pregnancy test can be used as the test prior to starting IP in the pharmacokinetics phase if it is performed within the 72-hour timeframe), and
Pregnant and/or breastfeeding; women of childbearing potential must have a negative serum or urine pregnancy test with a sensitivity of at least 50 mIU/mL within 10-14 days prior to and again within 24 hours of starting lenalidomide
FCBP must have 2 negative pregnancy tests (sensitivity of at least 50 mIU/mL) prior to initiating lenalidomide; the first pregnancy test must be performed within 10-14 days before day 1 cycle 1 and the second pregnancy test must be performed within 24 hours of day 1 cycle 1; the subject may not receive lenalidomide until the treating investigator has verified that the results of these pregnancy tests are negative, and must agree to ongoing pregnancy tests; for patients already on Revlimid, continuation of current testing schedule is permitted as long as it is not interrupted during the transition to CRd therapy
All necessary baseline studies for determining eligibility must be obtained within 14 days prior to enrollment. Serum pregnancy tests (sensitivity of at least 25 mIU/mL), for females of childbearing potential (WCBP) must be completed. The first test must be performed within 10-14 days, and the second test within 24 hours prior to initiation of lenalidomide.
A FCBP must have two negative pregnancy tests (sensitivity of at least 50 mIU/mL) prior to starting study drug; the first pregnancy test must be performed within 10-14 days prior to the start of study drug and the second pregnancy test must be performed within 24 hours prior to prescribing the study drug; the subject may not receive study drug until the investigator has verified that the results of these pregnancy tests are negative
Must agree to undergo two medically supervised pregnancy tests prior to starting study therapy with either Rd or MPT. The first pregnancy test will be performed within 10-14 days prior to the start of Rd or MPT and the second pregnancy test will be performed within 24 hours prior to the start of Rd or MPT. She must also agree to ongoing pregnancy testing during the course of the study and after the end of study therapy. This applies even if the patient practices complete and continued sexual abstinence.
Have two negative pregnancy tests as verified by the investigator prior to starting any IP therapy: serum pregnancy test at screening and negative serum or urine pregnancy test (investigator's discretion) within 72 hours prior to starting treatment with IP (Cycle 1, Day 1). They must agree to ongoing pregnancy testing during the course of the study (before beginning each subsequent cycle of treatment), and after the last dose of any IP. This applies even if the subject practices complete abstinence2 from heterosexual contact.
Agree to abstain from breastfeeding during study participation and for at least 90 days after the last dose of IP. Note that the screening serum pregnancy test can also be used as the test prior to starting IP (Investigational Product) if it is performed within the 72-hour timeframe.
