Patients with controlled diabetes are allowed on study; controlled diabetes is defined as fasting blood sugar (FBS) = 130 mg/dL or less, and patients whose FBS can be brought in this range with medical therapy are eligible for trial inclusion
Patients who have insulin dependent diabetes are not eligible
Patients with a history of diabetes
Active diabetes insipidus
Severe diabetes that is not currently controlled,
Patients with diabetes controlled by diet or medication are allowed on trial; controlled diabetes is defined as FBG < 130 mg/kL in the context of this study
History of diabetes and on active diabetes treatment with pharmacotherapy (oral hypoglycemics or insulin)
Have poorly controlled diabetes defined as HbA1c values of> 7.5%. Participants with preexisting, well-controlled diabetes are not excluded.
Subjects with diabetes.
Currently on medication for diabetes or hypercholesterolemia
Poorly controlled diabetes, fasting blood sugar (FBS) >= 200 mg/dL
Part E: Have insulin-dependent (type I) diabetes or a history of gestational diabetes
Patients with diabetes on metformin; patients with diabetes and not on metformin will be eligible if it is deemed safe after consultation with the patient physician managing diabetes
Subjects that have been previously diagnosed with type 2 diabetes or steroid-induced diabetes must also meet the additional following criteria:\r\n* Diagnosed with diabetes >= 6 months prior to enrollment\r\n* Hemoglobin A1C (HbA1C) =< 8% at screening visit
No history of diabetes
Patients with diabetes who have evidence of complications from their diabetes, such as end organ sequelae of diabetes or Hemoglobin A1c > 7%.
Diabetic patients with poorly controlled diabetes.
Patients with diabetes are eligible for this trial; all diabetic patients who are enrolled on this study should discuss the need to change their diabetes management regimen with their primary care physician or endocrinologist prior to enrollment
Participants with poorly controlled diabetes or with evidence of clinically significant diabetic vascular complications
Poorly controlled diabetes
Diabetes is not exclusionary provided the patient is not maintained with either oral medications or insulin
Have poorly controlled diabetes
Diabetes that is poorly controlled
Poorly controlled diabetes
Patients with clinically manifested diabetes
Patients with uncontrolled diabetes or insulin resistance
Poorly controlled Type 1 or 2 diabetes
Patients with diabetes requiring insulin or requiring more than one non-insulin hypoglycemia agents
Patients with controlled diabetes are allowed on study; controlled diabetes is defined as fetal bovine serum (FBS) =< 130 mg/dL in the context of this study
Uncontrolled diabetes mellitus. i. The glycemic targets for subjects with diabetes should take into consideration age, comorbidities, life expectancy, and functional status of the subjects and follow established guidelines (eg, International Diabetes Federation, the European Diabetes Working Party guidelines, and the American Diabetes Association). For younger (< 70 years old) or subjects with life expectancy ? 10 years, the target glycosylated hemoglobin, type A1C (HbA1c) should be < 7.0%. The target HbA1c for older (? 70 years old) subjects or subjects with life expectancy < 10 years should be < 8.0%. Consultation with an endocrinologist is recommended when deciding if diabetes is optimally controlled. c. Chronic symptomatic congestive heart failure (Class III or IV of the New York Heart Association Classification for Heart Disease). d. Active central nervous system involvement as documented by spinal fluid cytology or imaging. e. Uncontrolled autoimmune hemolytic anemia or thrombocytopenia. f. Other concurrent severe and/or uncontrolled concomitant medical conditions that could cause unacceptable safety risks or compromise compliance with protocol.
Diabetes must be controlled prior to enrollment
Patients with uncontrolled diabetes (as determined by the investigator); well-controlled diabetic patients with fasting glucose < 150 are eligible if they have been on stable doses of medications for diabetes for at least 4 weeks prior to study entry
Patients with poorly controlled diabetes
Diabetes is not exclusionary provided the patient is not maintained with either oral medications or insulin
Uncontrolled or poorly controlled diabetes
Uncontrolled diabetes at the time of cytoreduction; all patients with diabetes must be optimized on their diabetes regimen prior to initiating pasireotide\r\n* If a patient is diabetic: uncontrolled diabetes as defined by hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) > 8%* despite adequate therapy
Patients with poorly or uncontrolled diabetes in the opinion of the physician(s)
History of diabetes with retinopathy requiring treatment
Diabetes (defined by being on oral hypoglycemics or insulin)
Using medication to treat diabetes
Patients with a history of diabetes
Suspected or diagnosed diabetes (with the exception of gestational diabetes);
Uncontrolled diabetes (controlled diabetes per the American Diabetes Association and International Diabetes Center’s Glycemic Target Goals is hemoglobin A1C < 7%)
History of diabetes
Diabetes
Diabetes
Is being treated for diagnosed diabetes or autoimmune disease
Medication-treated diabetes
Have diabetes
Diabetes requiring drug therapy
Poorly or uncontrolled diabetes in the opinion of the physician(s)
Patients with diabetes who are taking insulin or oral agents
Diagnosed with diabetes
Subjects with a history of diabetes;
Patients with controlled diabetes are allowed on study; controlled diabetes is defined as < 130 ml/dL for the sake of this study
On treatment with any drug for diabetes
Currently being treated for diabetes or meeting criteria for new diagnosis of diabetes
Diabetes being treated with other than diet and lifestyle
No history of diabetes
Patients with insulin-dependent diabetes
Poorly controlled diabetes
Major or chronic medical disease, including heart disease, poorly controlled diabetes, etc., to be adjudicated by the principal investigator
Major or chronic medical disease, including heart disease, poorly controlled diabetes, etc., to be adjudicated by the principal investigator
