Patient is currently receiving any of the following medications and cannot be discontinued 7 days prior to enrollment:\r\n* Known strong and moderate inducers or inhibitors of CYP3A4/5, including enzyme inducing anti-convulsant drugs (EIACDs), grapefruit, grapefruit hybrids, pummelos, star-fruit, and Seville oranges\r\n* Substrates of CYP3A4/5 with a narrow therapeutic index\r\n* Herbal preparations/medications (except for vitamins) including, but not limited to: St. John’s wort, Kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, black cohosh and ginseng; patients should stop using all herbal medications and dietary supplements at least 7 days prior to enrollment
Participants cannot take any herbal preparations/medications on study or within 7 days prior to first dose of study drug, including but not limited to: St. John‘s wort, kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, ginseng
Herbal preparations/medications. These herbal medications include, but are not limited to: St. John's wort, kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng.
Herbal preparations are not allowed throughout the study; these herbal medications include but are not limited to: St. John's wort, kava, ephedra (ma hung), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto and ginseng; patients should stop using these herbal medications 7 days prior to study enrollment
Herbal preparations/medications are not allowed throughout the study, including but not limited to St. John's Wort, kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone, yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng. Patients should stop using these herbal medications 7 days prior to the first dose of AZD4635.
Patients receiving any medications or substances that are inhibitors or inducers of CYP3A4, or CYP3A4 substrates need to be reviewed by the principal investigator; continuation of such medications will be at the discretion of the principal investigator; concomitant use of aprepitant or fosaprepitant is prohibited; as grapefruit and Seville oranges are known to contain moderate inhibitors of CYP3A4, these fruits or their products (including marmalade, juice, etc.) should be avoided while taking AZD1775; the use of sensitive substrates of CYP3A4, such as atorvastatin, simvastatin and lovastatin, is also prohibited in this study; herbal preparations are not allowed throughout the study; these herbal medications include but are not limited to: St. John's wort, kava, ephedra (mahung), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto and ginseng
Use of herbal preparations/medications (including, but not limited to: St. John’s Wort, Kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko bilboa, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng within 7 days prior to first dose
Herbal preparations are not allowed throughout the study; these herbal medications include, but are not limited to: St. John’s wort, kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng
Patients who have taken herbal medications and certain fruits within 7 days prior to starting study drug; herbal medications include, but are not limited to St. John’s wort, Kava, ephedra (ma huang), Gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng; fruits include the cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) inhibitors Seville oranges, grapefruit, pummelos, or exotic citrus fruits
Current use of herbal preparations/medications, including but not limited to: St. John’s wort, kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, ginseng; participants should stop using these herbal medications 7 days prior to planned start of study treatment
Patients who have taken herbal medications and certain fruits within 7 days prior to starting study drug; herbal medications include, but are not limited to St. John’s wort, Kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng; fruits include the CYP3A inhibitors Seville oranges, grapefruit, pummelos, or exotic citrus fruits
Herbal preparations are not allowed throughout the study; these herbal medications include but are not limited to: St. John's wort, kava, ephedra (ma hung), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto and ginseng; patients should stop using these herbal medications 7 days prior to first dose of study treatment
Herbal preparations are not allowed throughout the study. These herbal medications include but are not limited to: St. John's wort, kava, ephedra (mahung), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto and ginseng. Patients should stop using these herbal medications 7 days prior to first dose of study treatment.
Current use of herbal preparations/medications, including but not limited to: St. John’s wort, Kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, ginseng. Participants should stop using these herbal medications 7 days prior to first dose of study drug
Patients who have taken herbal medications and certain fruits within 7 days prior to starting study drug; herbal medications include, but are not limited to St. John's wort, kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng; fruits include the cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) inhibitors Seville oranges, grapefruit, pummelos, or exotic citrus fruits
Patient must not be taking any herbal supplements during the study (including but not limited to St. John’s wort, kava, ephedra [ma huang], gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone [DHEA], yohimbe, saw palmetto, or ginseng); if a potential patient is taking any herbal supplements, s/he must discontinue prior to beginning study treatment
Willing to discontinue all herbal preparations/medications at least 7 days prior to the first dose of study drug and throughout the study; these include, but not limited to, St. John's wort, Kava, ephedra (ma huang), ginkgo biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng
Patients who have taken herbal medications and certain fruits within 7 days prior to starting study drug; herbal medications include, but are not limited to St. John’s wort, Kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng; fruits include the cytochrome P450 subfamily 3A (CYP3A) inhibitors Seville oranges, grapefruit, pummelos, or exotic citrus fruits
Patients who have taken herbal medications and certain fruits within 7 days prior to study enrollment are not eligible; herbal medications include, but are not limited to, St John‘s wort, Kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, tangelos and ginseng; exclusionary fruits include the cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) inhibitors Seville oranges, grapefruit, pummelos, or exotic citrus fruits
Willing to discontinue all herbal preparations/medications at least 7 days prior to the first dose of study drug and throughout the study; these include, but are not limited to, St. John's wort, Kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng
Patients who have taken herbal medications and certain fruits within 7 days prior to starting study drug; herbal medications include, but are not limited to St. John’s wort, Kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng; fruits include the cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) inhibitors Seville oranges, grapefruit, pomelos, or exotic citrus fruits
Patients who have received herbal medications =< 2 weeks prior to study entry; herbal medications include, but are not limited to: St. John’s wort, Kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng
Concomitant use of herbal medications (i.e. St. John’s wort, Kava, ephedra [ma huang], gingko biloba) at least 7 days prior to the first dose of study drug and throughout participation in the trial
Patients who have taken herbal medications and certain fruits within 7 days prior to starting study drug; herbal medications include, but are not limited to St. John’s Wort, Kava, and ephedra (ma huang), dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), gingko biloba, yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng; fruits include the cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) inhibitors Seville oranges, grapefruit, pummelos, or exotic citrus fruits
Taking herbal medications and certain fruits and juices within 7 days prior to starting study drug; herbal medications include, but are not limited to St. John’s wort, Kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng; fruits and juice include the cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A) inhibitors: Seville oranges, grapefruit, and pomelos
Current use of or anticipated requirement during the study of prohibited medication(s) (any investigational drug(s), Other anti-cancer therapy (chemotherapy, radiation therapy, immunotherapy, biologic therapy, or hormone therapy other than for replacement), AR antagonists (e.g., bicalutamide, flutamide, nilutamide), 5-alpha reductase inhibitors (e.g., finasteride, dutasteride), Androgens (e.g., testosterone, dihydroepiandrosterone), Herbal medication(s) that may affect PSA levels (e.g., saw palmetto), Other herbal medications including, but not limited to: St. John's wort, kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, yohimbe and ginseng)
Patients who have taken herbal medications and certain fruits within 7 days prior to starting study drug; herbal medications include, but are not limited to St. John’s wort, Kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng; fruits include the cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) inhibitors Seville oranges, grapefruit, pummelos, or exotic citrus fruits
Patients may not use natural herbal products or other “folk remedies” while participating in this study; herbal medications include, but are not limited to St. John’s wort, kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng
Herbal preparations are not allowed throughout the study; these herbal medications include, but are not limited to: St. John’s wort, kava, ephedra (ma huang), gingko biloba, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), yohimbe, saw palmetto, and ginseng; not willing to avoid grapefruit, grapefruit juices, grapefruit hybrids, Seville oranges, pummelos, and exotic citrus fruits from 14 days prior to the dose of study medication and during the entire study due to potential CYP3A4 interaction with the study medication; orange juice is allowed
