Participants may not have a second, clinically active, cancer; patients with second cancers which have been treated with curative intent and/or are currently inactive are allowed
Active second malignancy requiring treatment or that would interfere with assessment of response of the lymphoma per investigator’s discretion
Second malignancy currently requiring active therapy (except for hormonal/antihormonal treatment, e.g. in prostate or breast cancer).
Second primary malignancy that requires active therapy. Adjuvant hormonal therapy is allowed.
Phase 2 only: second malignancy within the last 3 years.
Participants with an active second malignancy
Active second malignancy.
Presence of concurrent second cancer (active, not history)
Active concurrent second malignancy.
Patients with a second, clinically active, cancer; patients with second cancers which have been treated with curative intent and/or are currently inactive are allowed
Second invasive malignancy requiring active treatment
Metastatic disease or currently active second malignancy
Second primary malignancy
Active second malignancy or other prior malignancy treated with chemotherapy less than or equal to 6 months prior to treatment with CK-101
History of a second malignancy, excluding non-melanoma skin cell cancer within the last three years. Subjects with second malignancies that were indolent, in situ or definitively treated may be enrolled even if less than three years have elapsed since treatment. Consult the GSK Medical Monitor if second malignancies meet the requirements specified above.
Second active malignancy requiring systemic therapy
No currently active second malignancy
Active second malignancy that in the opinion of the principal investigator (PI) may interfere with or be adversely affected by this treatment
There is no evidence of the second malignancy at the time of study entry
Second malignancy currently requiring active therapy, except breast or prostate cancer stable on or responding to endocrine therapy.
Active second malignancy
Active second malignancy
Second active neoplasia
A concurrent second active and nonstable malignancy
Patients with a second malignancy requiring active treatment
An active second malignancy or history of another malignancy within the last 5 years, with exceptions.
Active concomitant second malignancy (i.e. has required treatment in the previous 6 months)
Second primary malignancy, only if it would affect the safety of the treatment or the subject’s ability to complete study-related procedures
Second malignancy within the last 3 years
Second malignancy currently requiring active therapy, except breast or prostate cancer stable on or responding to endocrine therapy.
Concurrent second malignancy or history of HER2 negative breast cancer within five years
Active second malignancy i.e. patient known to have potentially fatal cancer present\n             for which he/she may be (but not necessarily) currently receiving treatment
Second malignancy requiring active therapy
Evidence of active second malignancy
Subjects with second malignancies in addition to myeloma if the second malignancy has required therapy in the last 3 years or is not in complete remission
Currently active second primary malignancy.
History of a concurrent or second malignancy except for those outlined in protocol
Active second primary malignancy or history of second primary malignancy within the last 3 years, with the exception of basal cell skin cancers or carcinoma in situ that have been adequately treated
Second malignancy within the past 5 years except:
Currently active second malignancy
No active second malignancy (except non-melanomatous skin cancer or incidental prostate cancer found on cystectomy): Active second malignancy is defined as a current need for cancer therapy or a high possibility (> 30%) of recurrence during the study. Previous contralateral breast cancer is allowable unless it meets \active\ criteria as stated above.
Patients with a currently active second malignancy requiring treatment
A concurrent second malignancy even if it does not require active therapy; patients with indolent B-cell malignancies will not be eligible; prior malignancy will be allowed as long as the patient is known to be free of disease for at least 3 years
No currently active second malignancy
A second malignancy requiring active therapy
Patients with active second malignancy are allowed as long as it is determined that the treatment of esophageal cancer is a higher priority through proper subspecialty consultations
Patients with an active, or likely to become active second malignancy.
Active second malignancy; i.e., patient known to have potentially fatal cancer present for which he/she may be (but not necessarily) currently receiving treatment
Second malignancy currently requiring active therapy.
A second invasive malignancy requiring active treatment
Second primary malignancy
No active second malignancy
Patients with an active second malignancy within the last 2 years with the exception of:
Second malignancy within the past 3 years except:
Actively treated for a second malignancy
Untreated second malignancy
Known diagnosis of second malignancy within the past 5 years
Second malignancy except for skin cancer within the last 5 years
No concurrent second malignancy requiring systemic therapy
Has a second concurrent active primary malignancy such as solid tumor or lymphoma under active treatment
Second primary cancer which is active and requiring treatment
