have a vasectomized partner with confirmed azoospermia. NOTES:
A vasectomized partner
do not have a vasectomized partner with confirmed azoospermia
vasectomized partner
Have a male partner who is vasectomized.
Be vasectomized, or
A vasectomized partner
Do not have a vasectomized partner with confirmed azoospermia.
Male sterilization (at least 6 months prior to screening). For female subjects on the study the vasectomized male partner should be the sole partner for that subject.
Male sterilization (at least 6 months prior to Screening). For female patients on the study the vasectomized male partner should be the sole partner for that patient
Male sterilization (at least 6 months prior to enrolling). For female patients on the study the vasectomized male partner should be the sole partner for that patient.
Male sterilization (at least 6 months prior to screening). For female patients on the study the vasectomized male partner should be the sole partner for that patient
Be vasectomized, or
vasectomized partner (if vasectomized is the sole sexual partner and has received medical confirmation of surgical success)
Male sterilization (at least 6 m prior to screening). The vasectomized male partner should be the sole partner for that subject.
Male partner sterilization, occurring at least 6 months prior to screening. For female subjects on the study, the vasectomized male partner should be their sole partner.
vasectomized partner(s);
Vasectomized partner with confirmed azoospermia.
PATIENTS ONLY: Have a romantic partner with whom they have resided for a minimum of 6 months
Lives with a romantic partner >= 6 months
monogamous relationship with vasectomized partner
Male sterilization (at least 6 months prior to enrolling). For female patients on the study the vasectomized male partner should be the sole partner for that patient.
Hysterectomy, or vasectomy of the partner (provided that partner is the sole sexual partner of the woman of childbearing potential trial participant and that the vasectomized partner has received medical assessment of the surgical success) In addition, the use of condoms for patients or their partners is required
