History of allogenic bone marrow or solid organ transplant
Autologous or allogenic transplant within the 60 days prior to Cycle 1 Day 1.
Has had an allogenic tissue/sold organ transplant.
History of autologous/allogenic bone marrow transplant.
Previous allogenic bone marrow transplant.
Subjects with a history of autologous or allogenic stem cell transplantation must have adequate peripheral blood counts independent of any growth factor support, and have recovered from any transplant related toxicity(s) and be at least 100 days post-autologous transplant prior to first dose of study drug or at least 6 months post-allogenic transplant prior to first dose of study drug and not have active graft-versus-host disease (GVHD), i.e., requiring treatment.
Prior organ transplant including allogenic hematopoietic stem cell transplant
Prior allogenic stem cell or solid organ transplant
Autologous stem cell transplant within 6 weeks before enrollment or any history of allogenic transplant
Prior allogenic transplant
Has allogenic haemopoietic stem cell (HSC) transplant.
Has had an allogenic tissue/solid organ transplant
History of allogenic transplant
History of allogenic transplant
Autologous or allogenic transplant within the 60 days prior to Screening.
Eligible for allogenic or autologous stem cell transplant
Patients within 60 days of allogenic bone transplant are not eligible; patients with solid organ transplant are not eligible
Autologous or allogenic transplant within the 60 days prior to the Screening visit.
Allogenic tissue/solid organ transplant
History of allogenic organ transplant.
History of an autologous/allogenic bone marrow transplant.
Undergone an allogenic stem cell transplant
Subjects with a history of autologous or allogenic stem cell transplant must have adequate bone marrow independent of any growth factor support, and have recovered from any transplant related toxicity(s); and either greater than 100 days post-autologous transplant (prior to first dose of study drug) or greater than or equal to 6 months post-allogenic transplant (prior to first dose of study drug) and not have active graft-versus-host disease (i.e., requiring treatment).
Have previously received an allogenic stem cell transplant
Receipt of allogenic or autologous stem cell transplant
More than 2 months out from allogenic hematopoietic stem cell transplant prior to randomization.
Previous allogenic hematopoietic transplant within 90 d
History of allogenic organ transplant
Prior allogenic stem cell or solid organ transplant
Has previously received an allogenic hematopoietic stem cell transplant.
Prior allogenic stem cell or solid organ transplant
Autologous or allogenic transplant within the 60 days prior to Screening.
