Malignancies other than disease under study within 5 years prior to Day 1 of Cycle 1
Patients who have had chemotherapy (for other malignancies) within 3 years prior to registration.
Known additional malignancy that is active and/or progressive requiring treatment; subjects with other malignancies that have been definitively treated and who have been rendered disease free will be eligible.
Participant has a history of other malignancies within 2 years prior to study entry, with the exception of:
Patients with prior malignancies, including pelvic cancer, are eligible if they have been disease free for > 5 years; patients with prior in situ carcinomas are eligible provided there was complete removal
Malignancies other than TNBC within 5 years prior to randomisation)
Patients with prior invasive malignancies are allowed, provided they have been treated with definitive intent and have no evidence of active disease requiring treatment in the past 2 years
Has an active concurrent malignancy/life-threatening disease. If there is a history of prior malignancies/life-threatening diseases, the subject is to be disease free for at least 5 years. Subjects with other prior malignancies less than 5 years before study entry may still be enrolled if they have received treatment resulting in complete resolution of the cancer and currently have no clinical, radiologic, or laboratory evidence of active or recurrent disease. Subjects will not be excluded for recurrent NMIBC, basal or squamous cell skin cancers, or noninvasive cancer of the cervix.
Participant has a history of other malignancies prior to study entry, with the exception of:
Concurrent malignancy or malignancy within 3 years prior to starting study drug, except\r\n* Malignancies that have completed therapy and are considered by their physician to be at less than 30% risk of relapse, or\r\n* Malignancies not requiring treatment (e.g., RAI stage 0 chronic lymphocytic leukemia [CLL])
Patients with a history of non-breast invasive malignancies are eligible if they have been disease-free for 1 or more years prior to entry into the study
Other invasive malignancies within past 5 years from date of registration
Disease free of other malignancies beside the ALL at the time of the study
Other invasive malignancies within the past 5 years from date of registration
Patients with prior malignancies diagnosed > 5 years ago without evidence of disease are eligible
No active secondary malignancy; patients with other prior malignancies will be included, provided they have been disease-free for at least five years
Malignancies other than disease under study are excluded, except for any other malignancy from which the subject has been disease-free for more than 2 years and, in the opinion of the principal investigators and GSK Medical Monitor, will not affect the evaluation of the effects of this clinical trial treatment on the currently targeted malignancy (MM).
Other malignancies unless the patient is considered to be disease-free and has completed therapy for the malignancy > than 6 months prior to study entry
Subject has a prior history of malignancies other than AML unless the subject has been free of the disease for ? 5 years from first dose of lenalidomide.
Subject has a history of other malignancies .prior to study entry, with the exception of:
Malignancies other than disease under study within 5 years
Prior history of malignancies, other than MM, unless the subject has been free of the disease for ? 5 years with the exception of the following non-invasive malignancies:
Malignancies other than disease under study within 5 years prior to D1 of C1
Prior history of malignancies, (except MDS for AML subjects), unless the subject has been free of the disease for ? 2 years. However, subjects with the following history/concurrent conditions are allowed:
Malignancies other than disease under study within 5 years prior to Cycle 1, Day 1
Prior history of malignancies other than DLBCL, unless the patient has been free of the disease for ?5 years prior to screening.
Prior history of malignancies, other than diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, unless the subject has been free of the disease for ? 5 years from the signing of the ICD. Exceptions to the ? 5 year time limit include history of the following:
Malignancies that are expected to alter life expectancy or may interfere with disease assessment. Patients with adequately treated non-melanoma skin cancer and patients with prior history of malignancy who have been disease free for more than 3 years are eligible.
For all other malignancies, the subject is eligible if they have undergone potentially curative therapy and they have been considered disease free for at least 5 years prior to Screening.
Disease-free of other malignancies
Prior history of malignancies, other than follicular or marginal zone lymphoma, unless the subject has been free of the disease for ? 5 years.
History of other malignancies, unless disease-free for ? 5 years.
History of prior or concomitant malignancies within 3 years of study start
Other malignancy within 5 years except for noninvasive malignancies
Patient has an active concurrent malignancy/life-threatening disease. If there is a history of prior malignancies/life-threatening diseases, the patient is to be disease free for at least 5 years. Patients with other prior malignancies less than 5 years before study entry may still be enrolled if they have received treatment resulting in complete resolution of the cancer and currently have no clinical, radiologic, or laboratory evidence of active or recurrent disease.
For all other malignancies, the subject is eligible if he/she has undergone potentially curative therapy and has been considered disease free for at least 3 years prior to Screening.
Patients with history of previously treated malignancies who do not have any evidence of disease for the last three years are allowed
Concomitant malignancies or previous malignancies within the last 3 years; exception: patients who have been disease-free for 3 years, patients with a history of completely resected non-melanoma skin cancer, and/or patients with indolent secondary malignancies, are eligible
Prior history of malignancies, other than MM, unless the patient has been free of the disease for ? 3 years. Exceptions include the following:
Patients with history of prior malignancies (with exception to non-melanoma skin cancer) are ineligible for this study, unless they are documented to be disease-free for at least 5 years
Concomitant malignancies or previous malignancies with less than 2 years disease-free interval at the time of enrollment
Prior history of malignancies, other than CLL, unless the subject has been free of the disease for ?3 years. Exceptions include the following:
Concurrent active malignancy other than non-melanoma skin cancers or carcinoma-in-situ of the cervix, or presence of myelodysplastic or myeloproliferative disease; patients with prior malignancies with a disease-free interval of >= 5 years are eligible; patients who have had prior malignancies within the past 5 years but are considered to be “cured” with a low likelihood of recurrence may be eligible at the discretion of the principal investigator
Prior history of malignancies, other than CLL, unless the subject has been free of the disease for ?5 years. Exceptions include the following:
History of prior or concomitant malignancies within 3 years of study start
If there is a history of prior malignancies other than those below, must be disease free for at least 5 years. Patients with malignancies listed below less than 5 years before study entry may be enrolled if they have received treatment resulting in complete resolution of the cancer and have no clinical, radiologic, or laboratory evidence of active/recurrent disease.
History of second malignancies with life expectancy of < 2 years or requirement of therapy that would confound study results. This does not include the following:
Concomitant malignancies or previous malignancies treated within the past 3 years. Exception: Patients who have been disease-free for 3 years, patients with a history of completely resected non-melanoma skin cancer, and/or patients with indolent secondary malignancies, are eligible.
Disease-free of other malignancies
Diagnosed or treated for another malignancy within 2 years of enrollment, with the exception of in situ malignancies
Other prior malignancies, except for cured or adequately treated malignancies for which there has been no evidence of activity for more than 5 years.
Prior history of malignancies, other than multiple myeloma, unless the patient has been free of the disease for ? 3 years. Exceptions include the following:
Patients with prior malignancies are excluded unless treated with curative intent and known to be free of disease for at least 2 years
History of previous malignancies unless the cancer was stage I or II and rendered free of disease more than 1 year
Prior history of malignancies, other than MDS (MYELODYSPLASTIC SYNDROMES), unless the subject has been free of the disease for ? 3 years. However, subjects with the following history/concurrent conditions are allowed:
Subjects with prior history of malignancies, other than aggressive R/R NHL, unless the subject has been free of the disease for ? 2 years with the exception of the following non-invasive malignancies:
If the patient is a survivor of a prior invasive cancer, all of the following criteria must apply: *Patient has undergone potentially curative therapy for all prior malignancies \r\n*No evidence of active/recurrent disease within 5 years
Patient has a history of other malignancies within the last 5 years
