Has received prior radiotherapy within 2 weeks of start of study treatment.
Concurrent anticancer treatment within 28 days before the start of trial treatment (e.g., cytoreductive therapy, radiotherapy [with the exception of palliative bone directed radiotherapy]; immune therapy, or cytokine therapy, except for erythropoietin.
Patients cannot have received radiotherapy to lung fields within 6 months of study treatment start.
Patients with major surgery or radiotherapy within 4 weeks prior to the start of the study treatment (i.e. D1 of cycle 1); however, prior surgery or radiation therapy aimed at local palliation or attempted local disease control (except in case of thoracic radiotherapy) is permitted but has to be completed one week before treatment start
Radiotherapy to multiple sites or immunotherapy within 3 weeks before start of protocol treatment (localized radiotherapy to a single site at least 1 week before start is permissible)
Has received prior radiotherapy within 2 weeks of start of trial treatment.
Has received prior radiotherapy within 2 weeks of start of study therapy
Has received prior radiotherapy within 2 weeks of start of study treatment.
Prior radiation therapy within 21 days prior to the start of study treatment with the exception of palliative radiotherapy to bone lesions, which is allowed if completed 2 weeks prior to study treatment start
Prior radiotherapy within 2 weeks of start of study treatment
Radiotherapy within the last 4 weeks before start of study drug treatment with the exception of limited field palliative radiotherapy for bone pain relief
Anticancer treatment within 14 days before the start of trial treatment (e.g., cytoreductive therapy, radiotherapy [with the exception of palliative radiotherapy delivered in a normal organ-sparing technique], immune therapy, or cytokine therapy).
Has received prior radiotherapy within 2 weeks of start of study treatment. Participants must have recovered from all radiation-related toxicities, not require corticosteroids, and not have had radiation pneumonitis. A 1-week washout is permitted for palliative radiation (=< 2 weeks of radiotherapy) to non-central nervous system (CNS) disease
The last dose of previous therapy must have occurred at least 3 weeks prior to the start of study therapy; palliative radiotherapy is allowed up to 2 weeks before the first LMB-100 infusion
Anticancer treatment within 14 days before the start of trial treatment (e.g., cytoreductive therapy, radiotherapy [with the exception of palliative radiotherapy delivered in a normal organ-sparing technique], immune therapy, or cytokine therapy).
Interval between the hysterectomy and planned start of radiotherapy exceeding 16 weeks
Hormonal treatment within 2 weeks prior to start of study treatment (continued use of anti-androgens and/or gonadorelin analogues for treatment of prostate cancer permitted); radiotherapy within 4 weeks prior to enrolment; palliative radiation to target organs may be allowed up to 2 weeks prior to enrolment, as long as there are other target lesions that can be monitored for response to study treatment
The last dose of previous therapy must have occurred at least 3 weeks prior to the start of study therapy; palliative radiotherapy is allowed up to 2 weeks before the first LMB-100 infusion
Has received external radiotherapy within the last 4 weeks prior to start of study treatment
Subject has received radiotherapy for locally advanced unresectable or metastatic gastric or GEJ adenocarcinoma unless the radiotherapy was completed within28 days prior to start of study treatment. Subject who received palliative radiotherapy to peripheral bone metastases ?14 days prior to start of study treatment and has recovered from all acute toxicities is allowed.
Radiotherapy during study or within 3 weeks of start of study drug. [Palliative radiotherapy will be allowed]
Has received prior radiotherapy within 3 weeks of start of study treatment
Received prior radiotherapy within 2 weeks of start of study treatment. Participants must have recovered from all radiation-related toxicities, not require corticosteroids, and not have had radiation pneumonitis. A 1-week washout is permitted for palliative radiation (?2 weeks of radiotherapy) to non-central nervous system (CNS) disease.
Radiotherapy within 2 weeks prior to start of study drug treatment (palliative radiation or stereotactic radiosurgery within 7 days prior to start of study treatment). Patients must have recovered from all radiotherapy-related toxicities.
The subject must have first vaccine treatment start date at least 4 weeks out but not more than 8 weeks from the last dose of concomitant temozolomide or radiotherapy
Has received prior radiotherapy within 3 weeks of start of study treatment; participants must have recovered from all radiation-related toxicities, not require corticosteroids, and not have had radiation pneumonitis; a 1-week washout is permitted for palliative radiation (=< 2 weeks of radiotherapy) to non-central nervous system (CNS) disease
Radiotherapy within 4 weeks prior to start of study treatment, except as follows:
Radiation therapy within 4 weeks prior to start of study treatment (palliative radiotherapy to bone lesions allowed up to 2 weeks prior to study treatment start).
Palliative radiotherapy completed =< 7 days from treatment start
Anticancer treatment within 28 days before the start of trial treatment, for example cyto reductive therapy, radiotherapy (with the exception of palliative radiotherapy delivered in a normal organ-spearing technique), immune therapy, or cytokine therapy
Prior radiotherapy or radiosurgery must have been completed at least 2 weeks prior to start
Radiotherapy to multiple sites or immunotherapy within 4 weeks before start of protocol treatment (localized radiotherapy to a single site at least 1 week before start is permissible)
Prior radiotherapy within 4 weeks of the start of study drug
Patients who had radiation therapy within 28 days prior to start of study treatment (palliative radiotherapy to bone lesions allowed if completed 2 weeks prior to study treatment start)
Palliative radiotherapy (to bone or soft tissue lesions) must be completed >2 weeks prior to start of study drug.
Prior radiation therapy within 21 days prior to start of study treatment with the exception of palliative radiotherapy to bone lesions, which is allowed if completed 2 weeks prior to study treatment start
Radiotherapy to the target lesions within 3 weeks of start of first dose. Toxicities from radiotherapy must have resolved prior to start of first dose.
Subjects who have had surgery/radiotherapy within 2 weeks prior to start of study
Radiotherapy within 3 weeks prior to start of treatment
Radiotherapy within 4 weeks prior to the start of study treatment
Radiotherapy within 4 weeks before start of study treatment
Has received prior radiotherapy within 2 weeks of start of study treatment for any other condition.
