Participants must have an estimated life expectancy of > 6 weeks
Estimated life expectancy of at least 90 days
Estimated life expectancy greater than 3 years
Estimated life expectancy >= 12 weeks
Have an estimated life expectancy of 12 weeks, in judgement of the investigator.
Estimated life expectancy > 12 weeks
AUTOLOGOUS APHERESIS: Estimated life expectancy of > 12 weeks
MANUFACTURING SJCAR19: Estimated life expectancy of > 12 weeks
TREATMENT WITH SJCAR19: Estimated life expectancy of > 8 weeks
Estimated life expectancy > 12 weeks at randomization;
Estimated life expectancy >12 weeks
Presence of other comorbid illnesses with an estimated median life expectancy < 5 years
Have an estimated life expectancy of ?12 weeks, in the judgment of the investigator.
Estimated life expectancy ? 12 weeks (according to investigator's judgement)
Estimated life expectancy, in the judgment of the investigator, which will permit receipt of treatment of 12 weeks or more
Estimated life expectancy of at least 12 weeks
Estimated life expectancy of > 12 weeks, as assessed by the site investigator
Estimated life expectancy > 12 weeks
Estimated life expectancy of at least 12 weeks
Estimated life expectancy of at least 12 weeks
The participant has an estimated life expectancy of minimum 12 weeks.
Estimated life expectancy of more than 12 weeks
Estimated Life Expectancy of at least 3 mo
Estimated life expectancy of at least 5 years irrespective of the diagnosis of breast cancer.
Estimated life expectancy of more than 12 weeks
Have an estimated life expectancy of ?12 weeks in the judgment of the investigator.
Have an estimated life expectancy of ?12 weeks.
The participant has an estimated life expectancy of 12 weeks in the judgment of the investigator.
Estimated life expectancy more than 12 weeks
Estimated life expectancy of more than 12 weeks.
Estimated life expectancy of more than 12 weeks
Estimated life expectancy of >= 5 years
Estimated life expectancy of ?12 weeks
Have an estimated life expectancy of greater than or equal to 12 weeks
Have an estimated life expectancy of ?12 weeks, in the judgment of the investigator
Have an estimated life expectancy, in the judgment of the investigator, that will permit the participant to complete 8 weeks (2 cycles) of treatment.
Estimated life expectance >= 12 weeks
Estimated life expectancy greater than 5 years
Estimated life expectancy of ? 26 weeks
Estimated life expectancy of more than 12 weeks.
Estimated life expectancy of at least 12-weeks;
Estimated life expectancy of at least 12-weeks;
Estimated life expectancy that will permit the participants to complete 8 weeks of treatment.
The participant has an estimated life expectancy of at least 12 weeks.
Estimated life expectancy of at least 12 weeks
All patients must have an estimated life expectancy of at least 12 weeks
Co-morbidity that is estimated to limit life-expectancy to less than 5 years as estimated by the treating nurse or provider
Life expectancy estimated to be at least 2 years
Life expectancy of >= 12 weeks as estimated by the treating physician
Have an estimated life expectancy of ?12 weeks.
