No history of any prior stroke (hemorrhagic or ischemic)
History of stroke within 6 months.
Stroke.
Known history of stroke or cerebrovascular accident within 6 months before enrollment.
Any history of hemorrhagic stroke
History or evidence of central nervous system bleeding as defined by stroke or intraocular bleed (including embolic stroke) not associated with any antitumor surgery within 6 months before enrolment
Stroke, serious cardiac arrhythmia within the 6 months prior to study drug administration
History of ischemic stroke within 6 months prior to enrollment.
History of hemorrhagic or ischemic stroke within the last 6 months
Previous stroke < 12 months
History of stroke within the last 5-years
History of stroke or cerebral hemorrhage within 2 months
History of central nervous system bleeding as defined by stroke or intraocular bleed within 6 months of enrollment.
History of stroke or cerebral hemorrhage within 6 months
History of stroke or cerebral hemorrhage within 2 month
Patient with stroke in the last 3 months
History of stroke within 6 months
History of stroke within 6 months
History (within the last 3 months) or presence of stroke/cerebrovascular accident
TIA or stroke in the last 1 month.
TIA or stroke in the last 1 month
History of stroke within six months
History of cerebral vascular accident or stroke within the previous 2 years
Known history of stroke or cerebrovascular accident within 6 months prior to enrollment
History of thrombotic or hemorrhagic stroke or myocardial infarction within 6 months.
Stroke or other symptoms of cerebral vascular insufficiency within the last 3 months.
History of stroke or cerebral hemorrhage within 6 months
Known history of stroke or cerebrovascular accident within 6 months prior to enrollment
Known history of stroke or cerebrovascular accident within 6 months prior to enrollment
History of stroke or cerebral hemorrhage within 2 months
Known history of stroke or cerebrovascular accident within 6 months prior to the first dose of study drug
PART B: Any history of myocardial infarction or embolic/occlusive cerebro-vascular accident (stroke)
History of stroke within 6 months prior to study registration
History of stroke within 6 months of registration
History of stroke within 6 months prior to day 1
History of stroke
Known history of stroke or cerebrovascular accident within 6 months prior to the first dose of protocol therapy.
Known history of stroke or cerebrovascular accident within 6 months prior to the first dose of study drug.
5. Known history of stroke or cerebrovascular accident within 6 months prior to the first dose of study drug.
Known history of stroke or cerebrovascular accident within 6 months.
History of stroke within 6 months
History of hemorrhagic or ischemic stroke within 6 months prior to first dose of mirvetuximab soravtansine
Hemorrhagic, embolic, or thrombotic stroke within 6 months of scheduled dosing day 1;
History of stroke within 6 months prior to study enrollment.
History of a prior symptomatic stroke, dementia, or other significant central neurologic condition (i.e. multiple sclerosis)
History of stroke within six months
History (within the last 6 months) or presence of stroke/cerebrovascular accident
History of stroke or cerebral hemorrhage within 2 months
EXCLUSION - STUDY 1: Stroke
Stroke within the past 2 years
History of stroke
No history of hemorrhagic stroke
stroke (within the last 6 month)
History of bleeding disorder or hemorrhagic stroke
Stroke in the last six months
History of severe brain-injury or stroke.
History of bleeding disorder or hemorrhagic stroke
History of cerebrovascular accident (stroke)
Stroke or TIA within 12 last months
History of stroke with the past year
History of thrombotic or hemorrhagic stroke or myocardial infarction within 6 months
