The patient is not receiving therapy in a concurrent clinical study and the patient agrees not to participate in other interventional clinical studies during their participation in this trial while on study treatment. Patients participating in surveys or observational studies are eligible to participate in this study.
Concurrent enrollment in another clinical study, unless in follow-up period or it is an observational study
Concurrent enrollment in another clinical study, unless it is an observational (non-interventional) clinical study or the follow-up period of an interventional study;
Concurrent enrollment in another therapeutic clinical study. Enrollment in observational studies will be allowed
Participants cannot have been treated on a prior interventional, investigational study within 2 weeks of the first dose of study treatment
Participation in an interventional, investigational study within 2 weeks of the first dose of study treatment.
The patient is not receiving therapy in a concurrent clinical study and the patient agrees not to participate in other interventional clinical studies during their participation in this trial while on study treatment. Patients participating in surveys or observational studies are eligible to participate in this study.
Concurrent enrollment in another interventional trial
Concurrent enrollment in another clinical study, unless it is an observational (non-interventional) clinical study or during the follow-up period of an interventional study.
Concurrent enrollment in another study unless it is an observational (e.g. non-interventional) study.
Current participation in any other interventional clinical study (except survival follow up).
Concurrent participation in another interventional clinical trial or use of another investigational agent within 30 days of study entry Note: Patients who are participating in non-interventional clinical trials (e.g., QOL, imaging, observational, follow-up studies, etc.) are eligible, regardless of the timing of participation.
Participation in another interventional clinical trial unless prior approval has been received from the Chimerix Medical Monitor (or designee).
Plan to be included into another interventional investigational study.
Concurrent enrollment in another clinical study, unless it is an observational (non-interventional) clinical study or during the follow-up period of an interventional study
Participation in another interventional study requiring investigational treatment intake within 2 weeks or at least 5 half-lives (whichever is longer) prior to first dose of S64315 (participation in non-interventional registries or epidemiological studies is allowed).
Concurrent enrollment in another clinical study, unless it is an observational (non-interventional) clinical study or the follow-up period of an interventional study
Concurrent enrollment in another clinical study, unless it is an observational (non-interventional) clinical study or the follow-up period of an interventional study, is excluded
Concurrent enrollment in another clinical study, unless it is an observational (non-interventional) clinical study or the follow-up period of an interventional study
Concurrent enrollment in another clinical trial, unless in a follow-up period or it is an observational study
Concurrent enrollment in another clinical study, unless in a follow-up period or the study is an observational or non-interventional study
PHASE I STUDY ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA:\r\nConcurrent enrollment in another clinical study, unless it is an observational non-interventional clinical study or the follow-up of an interventional study
PHASE II STUDY COHORT 5 TRIPLE NEGATIVE BREAST CANCER ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA (MEDI+O ONLY):\r\nConcurrent enrollment in another clinical study, unless it is an observational non-interventional clinical study or the follow up of an interventional study
PHASE II COLORECTAL CANCER COHORT 6 (MEDI+C ONLY):\r\nConcurrent enrollment in another clinical study, unless it is an observational non-interventional clinical study or the follow-up of an interventional study; any concurrent chemotherapy, immunotherapy, biologic or hormonal therapy for cancer treatment; concurrent use of hormones for non-cancer-related conditions (e.g., insulin for diabetes and hormone replacement therapy) is acceptable; NOTE: Local treatment of isolated lesions for palliative intent is acceptable (e.g., by local surgery or radiotherapy)
Concurrent participation in any interventional clinical trial.
201 Treatment within 30 days prior to enrollment with another investigational device or drug (interventional clinical study / studies). Other investigational procedures while participating in this study are excluded (observational studies are permitted).
Concurrent enrollment in another clinical study, unless it is an observational (non-interventional) clinical study or during the follow-up period of an interventional study
Any concurrent chemotherapy, investigational product (IP), biologic, or hormonal therapy for cancer treatment; receipt of any investigational or approved anticancer therapy (chemotherapy, targeted therapy, biologic therapy, monoclonal antibodies, etc.) within 21 days or 5 half lives, whichever is shorter, prior to the first dose of MEDI0457; concurrent enrollment in another clinical study, unless it is an observational (non-interventional) clinical study or during the follow-up period of an interventional study.
Concurrent enrollment in another clinical study, except for non-interventional, observational studies
Participation in another interventional clinical trial at the time of enrollment
Concurrent enrollment in another clinical study, unless it is an observational clinical study or the follow-up period of an interventional study
Participation in another interventional clinical trial within the past 30 days (participation in observational studies is permitted)
Concurrent enrollment in another clinical study, unless it is an observational (non-interventional) study.
Participation in an interventional, investigational study within 2 weeks of the first dose of study treatment.
Prior treatment in any other interventional clinical trial within 4 weeks prior to Day 1 of the study.
Concurrent enrollment in another clinical study, unless it is an observational (non interventional) clinical study or the follow-up period of an interventional study
Patients who have participated in other interventional (treatment-related) clinical trials within 30 days of enrollment are excluded
Treatment with any known therapeutic or experimental therapy within 4 weeks prior to enrollment, or currently participating in any other interventional clinical study
Enrollment in another interventional study.
Concurrent enrollment in another clinical study, unless in a follow-up period or it is an observational study
Treatment with any known non-marketed drug substance or experimental therapy within 4 weeks prior to enrollment, or currently participating in any other interventional clinical study for NHL or any other illness (except observational and registry trials)
Received investigational drug within 30 days prior to study dosing. Patients may participate in non-interventional or observational clinical studies, including the 10PLK13 PROCLAIM registry study.
Currently participating in any other interventional clinical study
The patient is not receiving therapy in a concurrent clinical study and the patient agrees not to participate in other interventional clinical studies during their participation in this trial while on study treatment. Patients participating in surveys or observational studies are eligible to participate in this study.
Concurrent enrollment in another clinical study, unless it is an observational (non-interventional) clinical study or the follow-up period of an interventional study
Is participating in or has participated in other investigational interventional studies within the last 28 days prior to study treatment
Treatment with any known non-marketed drug substance or experimental therapy within 4 weeks prior to enrollment, or currently participating in any other interventional clinical study for NHL or any other illness (except observational, prevention, and/or registry trials)
Received treatment with an investigational agent within 4 weeks of study entry, or is actively participating in another interventional clinical study.
Concurrently enrolled in another clinical study, except for non-interventiona observational studies, or if in a follow up period from a previous study
Current or previous participation in the treatment phase of another interventional clinical study within 4 weeks prior to randomization. Patients may continue in the follow-up phase of another interventional clinical study, but may not have undergone any treatment on the other study within 4 weeks prior to randomization.
Concurrent enrollment on other clinical research studies that contain an interventional therapy is not permitted while subjects are receiving pasireotide or within 5 half lives of finishing pasireotide; however, subjects may concurrently enroll in non-interventional studies (e.g. biobanking, mobile health tracking)
Participation in an interventional, investigational non-immunotherapy study within 2 weeks of the first dose of study treatment.
Enrollment on an interventional investigational study
Subject has concurrent participation in any interventional studies within 14 days of first dose of study drug.
Treatment with any experimental therapy within 30 days prior to enrollment or current participation in any other interventional clinical study
Be interventional trials
