Any significant medical complications related to induction must have resolved
Patients must have resolved any serious infectious complications related to therapy
Any significant medical complications related to therapy must have resolved
CRITERIA FOR MAINTENANCE THERAPY-STEP 4: Patients must have resolved any serious infectious complications related to therapy
CRITERIA FOR MAINTENANCE THERAPY-STEP 4: Any significant medical complications related to therapy must have resolved
All associated clinically significant toxicity from previous cancer therapy must be resolved (to ?Grade 1 or baseline) prior to study treatment administration (Grade 2 alopecia is allowed).
Has an EGFR TKI- related toxicity that has NOT resolved to Grade 1 or less.
All acute, clinically significant treatment-related toxicity from prior therapy, except for alopecia, must have resolved to grade =< 1 prior to study entry
Toxicity from prior therapy (except alopecia) has resolved to ?Grade 1; in the event of toxicity that has not resolved to ?Grade 1 but is considered stable, the patient may be eligible after discussion among the investigator and sponsor's medical monitor.
Persistent toxicity from recent therapy that has not sufficiently resolved in the judgment of the study physician.
Prior treatment-related toxicity resolved to =< grade 2 or baseline
Acute, clinically significant treatment-related toxicity from prior therapy must have resolved to Grade </=1 prior to study entry
Resolved acute effects of prior therapy
All associated clinically significant drug-related toxicity from previous cancer therapy must be resolved prior to study treatment administration (alopecia is allowed).
All side effects attributed to prior anti-cancer therapy must have resolved to Grade 1 or baseline
Grade >= 3 non-hematologic toxicity from prior therapy that has not resolved to =< grade (G) 1
Any toxicity related to prior treatment must have resolved to Grade 1 or less, with the exception of alopecia and Grade 2, prior platinum-therapy related neuropathy
Residual or on-going >= grade 3 treatment-related toxicity from previous chemotherapy should be resolved
Grade >= 3 non-hematologic toxicity from previous therapy that has not resolved to =< grade (G)1
Grade >= 3 non-hematologic toxicity from previous therapy that has not resolved to =< grade 1
Grade >= 3 nonhematological toxicity from prior therapy that has not resolved to =< grade 1
Presence of an acute or chronic toxicity of prior chemotherapy that has not resolved to ? Grade 1, as determined by CTCAE v 4.0.
Grade >= 3 non-hematologic toxicity from previous therapy that has not resolved to =< grade 1
Grade >= 3 non-hematologic toxicity from prior therapy that has not resolved to =< grade 1 (G1).
All acute, clinically significant treatment-related toxicity from prior therapy, except for alopecia, must have resolved to grade =< 1
Any significant medical complications related to induction must have resolved
Patients must have resolved any serious infectious complications related to consolidation cycle 2
Any significant medical complications related to consolidation cycle 2 must have resolved
Patients must have recovered from acute toxicities of prior chemotherapy or stem cell transplant; any prior non-hematologic vital organ toxicity (cardiac, pulmonary, hepatic, renal) of previous therapy must have resolved to grade 1 or less
Any toxicity related to prior EGFR inhibitor treatment must have resolved to Grade 1\n             or less
Grade 3 or 4 immune related toxicity associated with prior ipilimumab therapy that has not resolved to grade 0 or 1
Resolved acute effects of any prior therapy to baseline or Grade ?1
All acute treatment-related toxicity must have resolved to Grade less than or equal to (</=) 1 or be deemed stable by the Investigator
Prior history of >= grade 2 neurotoxicity or any other toxicity requiring discontinuation of taxane therapy that has not resolved to =< grade 1, with the exception of alopecia
Toxicity from prior therapy (excluding alopecia) that has not resolved to =< grade 1 prior to the first treatment with G-202
Toxicity from prior radiation therapy has NOT resolved to grade 1 or less
All AEs while receiving prior immunotherapy must have resolved to ? Grade 1 or baseline prior to screening for this study.
All toxicity related to prior cancer therapies must have resolved to ? Grade 1, with the following exceptions: alopecia; neuropathy, which must have to resolved to ? Grade 2; and congestive heart failure (CHF), which must have been ? Grade 1 in severity and must have resolved completely.
Resolved acute effects of prior therapy
Any grade 3 or 4 -hematologic toxicity of previous therapy must have resolved to grade 2 or less prior to apheresis and any grade 3 or 4 toxicity must have resolved to grade 2 or less prior to pre-infusion lymphodepletive chemotherapy.
Any toxicity related to prior cancer therapies that has not resolved to =< grade 1, with the exception of peripheral neuropathy, which must have resolved to =< grade 2, and alopecia
Toxicity from prior chemotherapy that has not resolved to Grade ? 1;
All previous cytotoxic chemotherapy must be completed at least 2 weeks prior to study entry, with the exception of the tyrosine kinase inhibitors imatinib, nilotinib and dasatinib which may be continued through induction therapy; any grade 3 or 4 nonhematologic toxicity of any previous therapy must have resolved to grade 2 or less, unless specified elsewhere
All associated toxicity from previous or concurrent cancer therapy must be resolved (to ?Grade 1 or Baseline) prior to study treatment administration
All associated toxicity from previous or concurrent cancer therapy must be resolved (to ? Grade 1 or Baseline) prior to study treatment administration.
All associated toxicity from previous or concurrent cancer therapy must be resolved (to ? Grade 1 or Baseline) prior to study treatment administration.
All acute treatment-related toxicity from prior therapy must have resolved to Grade ? 1 prior to study entry
Acute prior study treatment related toxicity (except alopecia) that has not resolved to Grade < or = to 1 unless it has been deemed stable by the investigator
All acute treatment-related toxicity from prior therapy must have resolved to Grade ? 1 prior to study entry
Patients with grade >= 3 non-hematologic toxicity from previous therapy that has not resolved to =< grade 1
All acute treatment-related toxicity from prior therapy must have resolved to Grade ? 1 prior to study entry
All acute treatmentrelated toxicity from prior therapy must have resolved to Grade ? 1 prior to study entry
The patient has a prior ALK-inhibitor-related toxicity or any other prior therapy-related acute toxicity that has not resolved prior to the first dose of study drug.
Residual > Grade 2 toxicity from prior treatment must have resolved with the exception of those explicitly described elsewhere in entry criteria
Presence of an acute or chronic toxicity resulting from prior anti-cancer therapy, with the exception of alopecia, that has not resolved to Grade ? 1 within 7 days prior to start of CA-4948 unless approved by the Medical Monitor
Clinically significant toxicity (other than alopecia) from prior therapy that has not resolved to Grade ? 1 (according to the NCI CTCAE, v4.0) prior to Cycle 1 Day 1
All previous therapy must be completed at least 2 weeks prior to study entry; any grade 3 or 4 non-hematologic toxicity of any previous therapy must have resolved to grade 2 or less, unless specified elsewhere
Grade >= 3 non-hematologic toxicity from prior therapy that has not resolved to =< G1
All acute, clinically significant treatment-related toxicity from prior therapy, except for alopecia, must have resolved to grade =< 1
Any grade 3 or clinically significant grade 2 treatment-related non-hematological toxicity must be resolved to grade 1 before retreatment with chemotherapy (with exception of alopecia)
Any grade 3 or 4 hematologic toxicity of any previous therapy must have resolved to grade 2 or less prior to apheresis and any grade 3 or 4 toxicity must have resolved to grade 2 or less prior to pre-infusion lymphodepletive chemotherapy.
