History of brain involvement with cancer, spinal cord compression, or carcinomatous meningitis, or new evidence of brain or leptomeningeal disease. Patients with radiated or resected lesions are permitted, provided the lesions are fully treated and inactive, patients are asymptomatic, and no steroids have been administered for at least 28 days prior to randomization
History of brain involvement with cancer, spinal cord compression, or carcinomatous meningitis, or new evidence of brain or leptomeningeal disease.
Symptomatic or uncontrolled brain metastases requiring concurrent treatments, uncontrolled spinal cord compression, carcinomatous meningitis, or new evidence of brain or leptomeningeal disease; uncontrolled seizures.
Known central nervous system metastasis; patients with known brain metastases, spinal cord compression, carcinomatous meningitis, or leptomeningeal disease may be enrolled if they have been treated, are no longer taking corticosteroids, and have been stable on imaging for at least 3 weeks
History of brain involvement with cancer, spinal cord compression, or carcinomatous meningitis, or new evidence of brain or leptomeningeal disease (Note: Patients with radiated or resected lesions are permitted, provided the lesions are fully treated and inactive, patients are asymptomatic, and no steroids have been administered over the 14 days prior to study treatment)
History of brain involvement with cancer, spinal cord compression, or carcinomatous meningitis, or new evidence of brain or leptomeningeal disease; patients with radiated or resected lesions are permitted, provided the lesions are fully treated and inactive, patients are asymptomatic, and no steroids have been administered for at least 28 days
History of brain metastases, uncontrolled spinal cord compression, carcinomatous meningitis, or new evidence of brain or leptomeningeal disease.
History of brain involvement with cancer, spinal cord compression, or carcinomatous meningitis, or new evidence of brain or leptomeningeal disease. Patients with radiated or resected lesions are permitted, provided the lesions are fully treated and inactive, patients are asymptomatic, and no steroids have been administered for at least 28 days.
History of or known active seizure disorder, brain metastases, spinal cord compression, or carcinomatous meningitis, or new evidence of brain or leptomeningeal disease.
History of brain involvement with cancer, spinal cord compression, or carcinomatous meningitis, or new evidence of brain or leptomeningeal disease. Patients with radiated or resected lesions are permitted, provided the lesions are fully treated and inactive, patients are asymptomatic, and no steroids have been administered for at least 28 days.
Brain metastases, spinal cord compression, carcinomatous meningitis, or leptomeningeal disease.
Participant has brain metastases, uncontrolled spinal cord compression, or carcinomatous meningitis, or new evidence of brain or leptomeningeal disease
E 07. History of brain metastases, uncontrolled spinal cord compression, or carcinomatous meningitis or new evidence of brain or leptomeningeal disease.
History of or known brain metastases, spinal cord compression, or carcinomatous meningitis, or evidence of brain or leptomeningeal disease on screening computed tomography (CT) scan or MRI
History of brain metastases, uncontrolled spinal cord compression, or carcinomatous meningitis, or new evidence of brain or leptomeningeal disease.
History of brain metastases, uncontrolled spinal cord compression, or carcinomatous meningitis or new evidence of brain or leptomeningeal disease
Brain metastases (even if treated and/or stable), spinal cord compression, carcinomatous meningitis, or leptomeningeal disease.
History of brain involvement with cancer, spinal cord compression, or carcinomatous meningitis, or new evidence of brain or leptomeningeal disease. Patients with radiated or resected lesions are permitted, provided the lesions are fully treated and inactive, patients are asymptomatic, and no steroids have been administered for brain edema for at least 28 days
