Nursing women are excluded from this study because there is an unknown but potential risk of AEs in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with pembrolizumab, personalized neoantigen peptides, and adjuvant.
Any of the following because this study involves an investigational agent whose genotoxic, mutagenic and teratogenic effects on the developing fetus and newborn are unknown:
The effects of prexasertib and LY3300054 on the developing human fetus are unknown. For this reason, pregnant women are excluded from this study. Because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with prexasertib and LY3300054, breastfeeding women are also excluded.
Pregnant women are excluded from this study because MCS110, dabrafenib and trametinib are anti-cancer agents with the potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects. Pregnancy status will be verified at various points in the trial and a serum pregnancy test will be required. Because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with MCS110, dabrafenib or trametinib, breastfeeding should be discontinued if the mother is treated with MCS110, dabrafenib or trametinib
Pregnant women are excluded from this study because the effects of 4-OHT gel on the developing human fetus at the recommended dose and route are unknown.
Pregnant or breastfeeding females; the potential effects of prexasertib use during pregnancy and breastfeeding are not known and prexasertib has the potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects.
Pregnant women are excluded from this study because AdHER DC vaccine may have the potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects; because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with AdHER DC vaccine, breastfeeding should be discontinued if the mother is treated with AdHER DC vaccine
Pregnant women are excluded from this study because of the potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects. Because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother, breastfeeding should be discontinued during the study and for at least 6 months after last dose of study drugs. These potential risks may also apply to other agents used in this study. Women of child-bearing potential who do not agree to use adequate contraceptive measures during study therapy and for at least 6 months after the completion of study therapy will be excluded. Should a patient become pregnant or suspect she is pregnant while she is participating in this study, the patient should inform the treating physician immediately
Pregnant women are excluded from this study because topotecan and temozolomide are class D agents with the potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects and because the effects of M7824 on the developing human fetus are currently unknown. In addition, because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with topotecan, temozolomide or M7824, breastfeeding should be discontinued if the mother is treated with these agents
Because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with olaparib, breastfeeding should be discontinued if the mother is treated with olaparib
Pregnant or breastfeeding women are excluded from this study because CAR-T cell therapy may be associated with the potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects. Women of child bearing potential must have a negative serum pregnancy test. Because there is an unknown, but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with CAR-T cells, breastfeeding should be discontinued. These potential risks may also apply to other agents used in this study.
Active pregnancy or breast-feeding: pregnant women are excluded from this study because the effects of osimertinib on the development of the fetus are unknown, and there is potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects. Because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with osimertinib, breastfeeding should be discontinued if the mother is treated with these agents
Women who are pregnant or nursing are not eligible as treatment involves unforeseeable risks to the fetus or child
Pregnant or breastfeeding women are excluded from this study because chemotherapy involved with reduced intensity conditioning (RIC) have the significant potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects
Women who are breast-feeding or pregnant as evidenced by positive serum or urine pregnancy test performed within 72 hours of first dosing. (Pregnant women are excluded from this study because it is not known whether IACS-010759 has the potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects. Because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with IACS-010759 breastfeeding should be discontinued if the mother is treated with IACS-010759.)
Pregnant women are excluded from this study because INCB039110, dabrafenib, and trametinib may have teratogenic or abortifacient effects. Because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with the study drugs, breastfeeding should be discontinued prior to the mother being treated with the study drugs.
Pregnant women are excluded from this study because meclizine is class B agent with the potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects. Because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with meclizine, breastfeeding should be discontinued if the mother is treated with meclizine.
Pregnant women are excluded from this study because the agent used in this study has the potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects. Because there is a potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with the chemotherapy agents, breastfeeding should also be avoided
Pregnant and nursing women are excluded because of the potential teratogenic effects and potential unknown effects on nursing newborns (please see above paragraph under inclusion criteria regarding WOCBP)
Any of the following because this study involves an agent where the genotoxic, mutagenic and teratogenic effects are unknown:\r\n* Pregnant or breastfeeding\r\n* Patient of childbearing potential who is unwilling to employ adequate contraception
Pregnant women are excluded from this study because the agents used in this study have the potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects. Because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with these agents, breastfeeding should be discontinued if the mother is being treated on this trial.
Pregnant women are excluded from this study because propranolol is an agent with the potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects
Because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with lapatinib of bevacizumab, breastfeeding should be discontinued if the mother is treated on this study
Patient must not be pregnant because of the risk of harm to the fetus; nursing women may participate only if nursing is discontinued, due to the possibility of harm to nursing infants from the treatment regimen; women/men of reproductive potential must agree to use an effective contraception method
Pregnant women are excluded from this study because it is unknown if STA-9090 has the potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects; because there is an unknown but potential risk of adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother STA-9090, breastfeeding should be discontinued if the mother is treated with STA-9090; these potential risks may also apply to other agents used in this study
Pregnant women are excluded from this study because ionizing radiation is a known teratogen, and temozolomide is a class D agent with the potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects.
Nursing mothers declining to discontinue breastfeeding are excluded because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with temozolomide.
Patients must not be nursing due to the potential for congenital abnormalities and the potential of this regimen to harm nursing infants
Pregnant or breast-feeding women, due to the unknown effects of GI-6207 on the fetus or infant
Because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with vemurafenib, breastfeeding must be discontinued prior to treatment day 1 of the study
Pregnant women are excluded from this study; women who are breast feeding their infants should discontinue this practice if the mother is treated with ruxolitinib
Pregnant or lactating women are excluded from this study because temsirolimus and sorafenib are drugs with the potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects; because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with temsirolimus or sorafenib, breastfeeding should be discontinued if the mother is receiving temsirolimus/sorafenib treatment
Pregnant/nursing women are excluded from this study because oxaliplatin is an agent with the potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects
Pregnant women are excluded from this study because nivolumab, personalized neoantigen peptides, and Poly-ICLC are agents with unknown risks to the developing fetus.
Nursing women are excluded from this study because there is an unknown but potential risk of adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with nivolumab, personalized neoantigen peptides, and Poly-ICLC.
Pregnant or nursing women, due to the unknown effects ofLY2157299 on the developing fetus or newborn infant.
Pregnant or nursing women due to the unknown effects of immunization on the developing fetus or newborn infant.
Pregnant or lactating females. Because there is a potential risk for adverse events nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with carfilzomib in combination with lenalidomide. These potential risks may also apply to other agents used in this study
Pregnant or nursing women due to the unknown effects of immunization on the developing fetus or newborn infant. (For patients with child bearing potential, a ?HCG must be completed within 14 days of first treatment).
Pregnant women are excluded from this study because indoximod is an immunoregulatory agent with the potential for abortifacient effects due to fetal rejection by the maternal immune system. Because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with indoximod, breastfeeding should be discontinued if the mother is treated with indoximod. Also, docetaxel and paclitaxel are category D cytotoxic agents and are not administered to pregnant females.
Pregnant or nursing women due to the unknown effects of immunization on the developing fetus or newborn infant.
Pregnant women are excluded from this study because ionizing radiation is a known teratogen, and temozolomide is a class D agent with the potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects; because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with temozolomide, breastfeeding should be discontinued if the mother is treated with temozolomide
Pregnant women are excluded from this study. mFOLFIRINOX is a regimen containing more than one chemotherapy agent with the potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects. Because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with FOLFIRINOX, breastfeeding should be discontinued if the mother is treated with these agents. These potential risks may also apply to other agents used in this study.
Pregnant or nursing women due to the unknown effects of immunization on the developing fetus or newborn infant. (For patients with child bearing potential, a ?HCG must be completed within 14 days of first treatment).
Pregnant or breastfeeding women are excluded from this study because tretinoin is a retinoid derivative agent with the potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects; because there is an unknown, but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with tretinoin, breastfeeding should be discontinued if the mother is treated with tretinoin; these potential risks may also apply to other agents used in this study
Pregnant and lactating women are excluded from the study because the risks to an unborn fetus or potential risks in nursing infants are unknown.
Because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with bevacizumab, cobimetinib, and vemurafenib, female participants who are breastfeeding must agree to discontinue nursing prior to Day 1 of the study.
Pregnant (positive pregnancy test) and lactating women are excluded from the study because the risks to an unborn fetus or potential risks in nursing infants are unknown.
Because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with everolimus or bevacizumab, breastfeeding should be discontinued if the mother is treated on this study
Participants who are breastfeeding are excluded because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to contrast administration in the mother.
RECIPIENT: Pregnant women and women who are lactating. The risks of CMV?MVA?Triplex to pregnant women are unknown. Because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother. Breastfeeding should be discontinued if the mother is enrolled on this study
Known pregnancy or breast feeding; pregnant women are excluded as the effects of 18F-FLT on the fetus are not known, and there is the potential for teratogenic or abortifacent effects; within 48 hours prior to a PET scan, a pregnancy test will be obtained in all female participants of child bearing potential to confirm non-pregnant status; because there is an unknown, but potential, risk of adverse effects in nursing infants, breastfeeding should be discontinued before the mother receives 18F-FLT
Lactation should be suspended for at least two days following the administration of [18F] FAZA to the mother, because of the unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to administration of the radionuclide to a lactating woman.
Pregnant women are excluded from this study because there is an unknown, but potential risk, for adverse events, as small animal trials have linked ferumoxytol administration (at very high doses) to birth defects (e.g., soft-tissue malformations and decreased fetal weights); it is not known whether ferumoxytol is present in human milk; breastfeeding, however, should be discontinued if the mother receives ferumoxytol while nursing
Pregnant women are excluded from this study because chemoradiotherapy has the potential for teratogenic or abortifacient effects; because there is an unknown but potential risk for adverse events in nursing infants secondary to the use of ferumoxytol as a contrast agent in the mother, breastfeeding should be discontinued if the mother receives ferumoxytol while nursing; men who are sexually active and not willing/able to use medically acceptable forms of contraception are also excluded from this study
