Has inadequate venous access and/or contraindications to leukapheresis
Major surgery within 28 days of study day 1 with the exception of biopsy and insertion of central venous catheter.
Subject is fit for leukapheresis and has adequate venous access for the cell collection.
Must have, or be willing to have an acceptable central catheter. (Port a cath, peripherally inserted central catheter [PICC-line], or central venous catheter) (Insertion only required if randomized to Arm A).
Major surgery within 28 days of day 1 (does not include central venous access or shunts)
Poor peripheral venous access
Inability to undergo venipuncture and/or tolerate venous access
Adequate central venous access potential
Central venous access, such as a Portacath or Hickman Line
DONOR: Inability to achieve adequate venous access
Major surgery within 28 days prior to the start of BGB324 - excluding skin biopsies and procedures for insertion of central venous access devices
Major surgery, excluding skin biopsies and procedures for insertion of central venous access devices, within 28 days prior to the start of COTI-2.
Adequate venous access (for leukapheresis and blood draws)
DONOR: must have adequate peripheral venous access for leukapheresis or must agree to placement of a temporary central venous catheter
Patients with inadequate bilateral peripheral venous or central venous catheter access for the required apheresis to allow generation of the autologous AdHER2 DC vaccine product
Must have, or be willing to have an acceptable central catheter. (Port a cath, peripherally inserted central catheter [PICC] line, or central venous catheter)
At least 7 days after minor surgery (such as central venous access) or biopsy and recovery to =< grade 1 treatment-related toxicity
Research participant must have appropriate venous access
Presence of any indwelling line or drain (e.g., percutaneous nephrostomy tube, indwelling Foley catheter, biliary drain, or pleural/peritoneal/pericardial catheter). Ommaya reservoirs and dedicated central venous access catheters such as a Port-a-Cath or Hickman catheter are permitted
Poor venous access for study drug administration
Adequate venous access for apheresis as assessed by apheresis team; NOTE: If a central venous catheter is required for apheresis, the patient is not eligible
Subject has sufficient venous access to permit administration of study drug (for the IV cohorts), collection of pharmacokinetic samples and monitoring of safety laboratories.
Major surgery (excluding skin biopsies and procedures for insertion of central venous access devices) within 2 weeks of first dose of study drug
Presence of any indwelling line or drain. Dedicated central venous access catheter such as a Port-a-Cath or Hickman catheter are permitted.
Must have adequate venous access for apheresis; (pheresis catheter placement for cell collection is allowed)
Inability to be venipunctured and/or tolerate venous access
Major surgery within 28 days prior to the start of BGB324, excluding skin biopsies and procedures for insertion of central venous access devices
Have inadequate venous access for or contraindications to leukapheresis
Must have adequate venous access for apheresis
Subjects must not have inadequate venous access for or contraindications to leukapheresis
Research participant must have appropriate venous access
Research participant must have appropriate venous access
If research participant is undergoing leukapheresis he/she must have appropriate venous access
Central vascular access device(s) (e.g. infusaport, tunneled central veinous catheter [CVC] &/or peripherally inserted central catheter [PICC] line) providing a combined 3 access ports is advised for all patients
Have access via central line (e.g., portacath)
RECIPIENT: Adequate central venous access potential
MATCHED RELATED DONOR: Adequate venous access for peripheral apheresis, or consent to use a temporary central venous catheter for apheresis
DONOR: Donor must have adequate peripheral venous catheter access for leukapheresis or must agree to placement of a central catheter
Adequate central venous access potential
MATCHED RELATED DONOR: Adequate venous access for peripheral apheresis, or consent to use a temporary central venous catheter for apheresis, if applicable
HAPLOIDENTICAL RELATED DONOR: Adequate venous access for peripheral apheresis, or consent to use a temporary central venous catheter for apheresis (if applicable)
DONOR: Adequate venous access for peripheral leukapheresis, or consent to use a temporary central venous catheter for leukapheresis
DONOR: Willing to have a central venous catheter placed for apheresis if peripheral veins are inadequate
Venous access: a double lumen central vascular access device or its equivalent and an additional peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC) line will be required for all patients entered on protocol
Willingness to have a central venous line (peripherally inserted central catheter [PICC] or PORT)
Adequate intravenous (IV) access
Poor or unsuitable venous access
Poor venous access for study drug administration unless patient can use silicone based catheters
(Prior to treatment) Note: evaluate at least 1 week before T cell infusion. a. Adequate venous access – consider peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC) or central line. b. ECOG/Zubrod performance status of ‘0-1. c. Bi-dimensionally measurable disease by palpation on clinical exam, or radiographic imaging (X-ray, computed tomography [CT scan]). d. At least 4 weeks must have elapsed since the last chemotherapy, immunotherapy, radiotherapy or major surgery. At least 6 weeks for nitrosoureas, mitomycin C and liposomal doxorubicin. e. Toxicity related to prior therapy must either have returned to =< grade 1, baseline, or been deemed irreversible. f. Persons of reproductive potential must agree to use and utilize an adequate method of contraception throughout treatment and for at least 3 months after study drug is stopped. g. Willing and able to give informed consent.
Adequate vein access: consider peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC) or other central line
Poor peripheral venous access
Patient has or is willing to have a central venous catheter (e.g. PICC, Port-A-Cath®, Hickman® catheter) for drug administration.
Inability to tolerate venous access
Reliable venous access suitable for weekly study drug infusions
Adequate central venous access potential
Lack of peripheral venous or central venous access or any condition that would interfere with drug administration or collection of study samples
Subject is fit for leukapheresis and has adequate venous access for the cell collection.
Inability to be venipunctured and/or tolerate venous access
Have a central venous catheter line in place prior to study treatment administration
Have insufficient peripheral venous access to permit completion of the study dosing and compliance with study phlebotomy regimen
Adequate venous access - consider peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC) or central line
Adequate IV access
Suitable venous access
Inability to obtain venous access in the antecubital region to administer PHO or sedation for endoscopy procedures
Participants who will have a central access catheter or a peripheral intravascular central catheter (PICC) should schedule this procedure at least 10 days prior to the start date of study drug
HAPLO-IDENTICAL DONOR: The donor must have adequate peripheral venous catheter access for leukapheresis or must agree to placement of a central catheter
DONOR: Donor must have adequate peripheral venous catheter access for leukapheresis or must agree to placement of a central catheter
Must have adequate venous access for apheresis.
Adequate IV access
A vascular access device (port) or other central venous access for administration of chemotherapy is recommended
Central venous access, such as a Portacath or Hickman Line
Absence of central venous access for administration of the study drug
DONOR: Donor must consent to placement of a central venous catheter in the event that peripheral venous access is limited
Patients must consent to an indwelling central venous catheter
DONOR: Inability to achieve adequate venous access
DONOR: Must have adequate veins for leukapheresis or agree to placement of central venous catheter (femoral or subclavian)
DONOR: Inability to achieve adequate venous access
Adequate venous access
Adequate venous access
Must have a pre-existing central venous access such as a port, Hickmann catheter or a peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC line) or be willing and able to have one inserted.
Central venous access
Does the subject have adequate venous access?
Central venous access
Adequate venous access
Suitable venous access
Adequate venous access
Pre-existing functioning central venous catheter
Patients must consent to an indwelling central venous catheter
DONOR: Adequate venous access for peripheral apheresis, or consent to use a temporary central venous catheter for apheresis
Subject is fit for apheresis and has adequate venous access for the cell collection.
Functioning Central Venous Access Device
Patients who only have a totally implanted port as their central venous access will not be eligible for this study
Participant must have adequate venous or central access for irinotecan administration
Has a preexisting functional central venous catheter available for study drug administration
Inpatients who have central venous catheter (CVC) that has been in place for at least 14 days and is expected to remain in place at least for 30 days after enrollment
Patients with multiple co-existing central venous catheters at the time of enrollment will not be enrolled; multiple lumens in a single catheter are acceptable
Inadequate venous access per assessment of treating health care provider
No known problems with peripheral IV or central line access
Inadequate venous access (a single antecubital or equivalent venous access sites are required for study drug injection)
Adequate peripheral venous access or available central venous catheter access for radiopharmaceutical administration
Presence of any indwelling line or drain. Note: Dedicated central venous access catheters such as a Port-a-Cath are permitted.
Subjects with a central venous line
Inadequate venous access
Inadequate venous access per assessment of treating health care provider
Inadequate venous access (two antecubital or equivalent venous access sites)
