Suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling and consent for the specific amounts that will be taken.
Agree to serial blood and bone marrow sampling
Suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling.
Suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling, including pharmacokinetic (PK) sampling.
Must be amenable to serial bone marrow aspirates and peripheral blood sampling during the study.
Ability to swallow oral medications, willingness to perform mucositis prophylaxis, and suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling.
Provide informed consent for genetic sampling and analyses
Patients must agree to research blood sampling to participate in study
Suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling, including pharmacokinteic (PK) and pharmacodynamic (PD) sampling and blood transfusion support.
Patients must agree to blood sampling to participate in study
Able to comply with the protocol, including tissue and blood sampling
Have agreed to undergo serial blood and bone marrow sampling.
Subjects must be amenable to serial bone marrow biopsies, peripheral blood sampling, and urine sampling during the study.
Patient must be amenable to serial peripheral blood sampling, urine sampling, and tumor biopsies during the study
Have consented to undergo mandatory serial peripheral whole blood and tumor tissue sampling.
Suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling.
Suitable venous access for the study required blood sampling (that is, including pharmacokinetic (PK) and biomarker sampling).
Patient must be willing to submit the blood sampling and bone marrow sampling for the PK and PD analyses and exploratory biomarkers
Ability to swallow oral medications, willingness to perform mucositis prophylaxis, and suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling.
Suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling.
Subjects must be amenable to serial peripheral blood sampling, urine sampling, and biopsies during the study.
Subjects must be amenable to serial bone marrow sampling, peripheral blood sampling and urine sampling during the study.
Suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling
Patients must agree to research blood sampling to participate in study
Patients must be available for periodic blood sampling, study-related assessments, and management of toxicity at the treating institution
Has suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling.
Unwilling to consent to genomics sampling
Subjects must be amenable to peripheral blood sampling, urine sampling, and biopsies during the study. Subjects with AITL must also be amenable to serial bone marrow biopsies
Suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling, including pharmacokinetics.
Adequate venous access for repeated blood sampling according to study schedule;
Suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling for MLN4924 pharmacokinetic (PK) and pharmacodynamic assessments.
Suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling
Suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling
Willing to submit the blood sampling and bone marrow sampling required by protocol
Participants must be willing to submit the blood sampling and bone marrow sampling for the pharmacokinetic (PK) and pharmacodynamic analyses and exploratory biomarkers
Lack of suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling for TAK-659.
Suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling (including pharmacokinetic [PK] sampling).
Suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling that is, including PK and pharmacodynamic sampling.
Suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling (including PK sampling).
Suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling (that is, PK).
Suitable venous access for the study-required blood sampling, including PK and pharmacodynamic (PD) sampling.
