Has a known history of HIV (HIV 1/2 antibodies), active / chronic Hepatitis B or C.
Known infection with HIV, hepatitis B, or hepatitis C
Known active or chronic hepatitis B or C infection or HIV
Patients who have HIV, Hepatitis B or C
Active hepatitis B or C or a history of HIV infection
Known immunodeficiency or HIV, Hepatitis B, or Hepatitis C positivity. Antibody to Hepatitis B or C without evidence of active infection may be allowed.
Known history of HIV, hepatitis C or hepatitis B infection
Known history of HIV, hepatitis B, or hepatitis C infection
History of Hepatitis B, C, or HIV
Known to be positive for HIV or hepatitis B, or known to have active hepatitis C infection
Known active hepatitis B or C or known infection with HIV
Known history of active tuberculosis (TB), autoimmune disease, pneumonitis, infection, HIV, Hepatitis B, or Hepatitis C
Known history of active tuberculosis (TB), autoimmune disease, pneumonitis, infection, HIV, Hepatitis B, or Hepatitis C
Ongoing or active systemic infection, active hepatitis B or C virus infection, or known human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) positive; patients who have previously tested positive for hepatitis B core antibody may be eligible if they are confirmed to NOT have active disease and are on appropriate anti-viral therapy; no additional hepatitis or HIV testing is required for patients who have been evaluated during their induction and/or pre-transplant work-up and have had no clinical evidence of HIV, hepatitis B or hepatitis C since their last evaluation
Patients with known active Hepatitis C, HIV or a present history of Hepatitis B
Hepatitis B or HIV infection
Evidence of active Hepatitis B, active Hepatitis C infection (HCV) or cytomegalovirus (CMV) or known history of HIV.
Known history of HIV or active hepatitis B/C (patients who have been vaccinated for hepatitis B and do not have a history of infection are eligible)
No active hepatitis or diagnosis of HIV disease.
Known to be positive for HIV, Hepatitis B, or Hepatitis C
Known HIV, Hepatitis A, B or C infection.
Known active infection with HIV, hepatitis B, hepatitis C
Patients known to be HIV positive or have active viral hepatitis.
Patients must have a negative test for HIV, Hepatitis A, B, and C.
Known HIV-positive or Hepatitis C
Active HIV or hepatitis B or C infection
Known history of HIV disease, active hepatitis B or hepatitis C.
Known history of Hepatitis B or C or HIV
Has uncontrolled HIV or hepatitis B or C
Patients currently known to be positive for, HIV, hepatitis B or C.
Patient with known active infection with HIV, hepatitis B or hepatitis C
Known HIV positive or active hepatitis B or C
Patients with a known confirmed diagnosis of HIV infection or active viral hepatitis.
Patients with known active hepatitis B or C, or HIV infection.
Known HIV, Hepatitis B, or Hepatitis C.
Patients who are known to be HIV or hepatitis C positive.
Patients with known HIV, hepatitis B or C;
Known immunodeficiency or HIV, Hepatitis B, or Hepatitis C positivity. Antibody to Hepatitis B or C without evidence of active infection may be allowed.
Patients who have a known history of hepatitis C or chronic active hepatitis B or a known diagnosis of HIV
Active HIV, hepatitis B or C
Patients must not have a history of HIV, or active Hepatitis A, B, and C.
Known HIV or chronic Hepatitis B or C infection.
Known active or chronic hepatitis B or C infection or HIV
Known HIV-, hepatitis B-, or hepatitis C-positive patients (active, previously treated, or both)
Known HIV, active hepatitis B or active hepatitis C infection
Subject with known active HIV, Hepatitis B, or Hepatitis C infections.
Known to be positive for HIV or known to have active hepatitis B or C.
HIV/active Hepatitis B or C infection
Patients must not have known HIV, hepatitis B or hepatitis C positivity
Known history or evidence of active hepatitis A, B, or C or HIV
Known positive HIV infection, or active hepatitis B or C infection
Known history of HIV infection or a known history of or is positive for Hepatitis B or Hepatitis C
Concurrent severe and/or uncontrolled medical conditions (uncontrolled diabetes or infection), known infection with HIV, Hepatitis B or Hepatitis C.
Patients with known active hepatitis or HIV.
Known systemic infections including, but not limited to hepatitis B or C, or HIV
Current infection with HIV, Hepatitis B or Hepatitis C. Patients will have serologic testing performed during screening for HIV and Hepatitis B and C. Any serologic results suggestive of an ongoing viral infection will be further investigated as necessary to clarify the patient's status.
Known HIV or hepatitis B or C viral infection
Known infection with hepatitis B, hepatitis C, or HIV.
Known infection with hepatitis B, C or HIV
Known HIV or active hepatitis B or C infection
Patients who have HIV, Hepatitis B or C
Known immunodeficiency or HIV, Hepatitis B or Hepatitis C positivity.
Evidence of active Hepatitis B or C or HIV
Known history of HIV or hepatitis C or B
HIV positive or active Hepatitis A or B
Clinical or laboratory evidence of active hepatitis B or hepatitis C 8. History of HIV infection.
Infection with HIV or hepatitis B or C at screening
Patient has known historical or active infection with HIV, hepatitis B, or hepatitis C
Active hepatitis and/or known HIV carrier
Patients who are known to be HIV positive and/or have active hepatitis B or C infection
No patients known to be positive for HIV, or active Hepatitis A, B, or C.
Known HIV or hepatitis A, B, or C positivity---ONLY IF ACTIVE
Known HIV and/or Hepatitis B or C infections
Positive for Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, or HIV
Known HIV or active hepatitis B or C viral infection.
Current infection with HIV, Hepatitis B or Hepatitis C
Known infection with HIV, HTLV-I, Hepatitis B, or Hepatitis C.
Known HIV, hepatitis B or hepatitis C.
History of or current active infection with hepatitis B, hepatitis C or HIV
Known chronic active Hepatitis B or C, or HIV infection
Past medical history of infection with HIV, hepatitis B or hepatitis C
Known to be positive for HIV, or to have active hepatitis B, or hepatitis C, or have active infection of any kind requiring systemic therapy
Current known active infection with HIV, hepatitis B or C viruses
Infection with HIV or hepatitis B or C at screening
Known HIV, Hepatitis A, B or Hepatitis C infection
Known history of Hepatitis B or C infection or HIV infection
Known active Hepatitis B/ Hepatitis C/ HIV infection
History of HIV, hepatitis B, or hepatitis C
Known HIV positive or Hepatitis A, B, or C infection
Infection with HIV or hepatitis B or C at screening
Patient has known or suspected HIV, positive for hepatitis B or is known or suspected to have active hepatitis C infection.
Active infection including HIV, hepatitis A, B or C
known HIV or Hepatitis
Known history of HIV or active hepatitis B/C (patients who have been vaccinated for hepatitis B and do not have a history of infection are eligible)
Known history of HIV or active hepatitis B/C )
FOR THE 31 SUBJECTS ENROLLED IN YEAR 1: History of known active infection with HIV, hepatitis B or hepatitis C
Patients with a known confirmed diagnosis of HIV infection or active viral hepatitis.
Known HIV or active hepatitis B or C infection
Current infection with HIV, Hepatitis B or Hepatitis C
Known history of HIV or Hepatitis C
Known active or chronic hepatitis B or C infection or HIV
Known HIV or active hepatitis B or C viral infection
