Child-Pugh score A within 14 days prior to study entry
Patient with a Child-Pugh score B or C
Child-Pugh Score 5 or 6
Child-Pugh score A
Patient with a Child-Pugh score B or C
Child-Pugh score A or B7
Patients with chronic liver disease with a Child-Pugh score B or C
Severe liver dysfunction (Child-Pugh Class B or C) is not present; and
Child Pugh score A5, A6, B7 or B8
Child Pugh score B9 or C10
Child-Pugh Score class A
Child-Pugh class A
Patient with a Child-Pugh score B or C
Child-Pugh score of A
Patient with a Child-Pugh score B or C
Child Pugh B or C stage liver disease
Child Pugh B or C disease
Patients with liver disease classified as Child Pugh class A or B, with score =< 9
COHORT B, GROUP 6: HEPATOCELLULAR CARCINOMA: Child-Pugh score > 7
Documented Child-Pugh score of B or C for hepatocellular carcinoma patients with known underlying liver dysfunction
Chronic liver disease, Child-Pugh class B or C
Child-Pugh score A
Child-Pugh score of A. A score of B7 is allowed without severe ascites or without hepatic encephalopathy.
Child Pugh A score 5 or 6 liver function
Impaired liver function Child-Pugh class B or C (score 7-15).
Subjects must have a Child-Turcotte-Pugh (CTP) score =< 7 to be eligible
Child-Pugh class B and C liver failure
Child-Pugh score of A
Subjects with severe hepatic insufficiency Child-Pugh score > 6
Child-Pugh scores 5-7
Obtained with 21 days of registration: Child Pugh class A (5-6 points) or B (7 points)
Child Pugh class B (8,9) and class C are excluded.
Child-Pugh class-A liver function
Patients with Child Pugh B or C liver failure will be excluded
Subject with a Child-Pugh score B or C.
Patient with a Child-Pugh score B or C
Child-Pugh class A or B7 liver function
Obtained =< 14 days prior to registration: If baseline liver disease, Child Pugh score not exceeding class A
Child-Pugh A or B7
Have a Child-Pugh A liver score within 7 days of first dose of study drug
Child-Pugh cirrhotic status A or B with a score of 7
Child Pugh class B & C
Patients with severe chronic liver disease (Child-Pugh score > 10)
Child-Pugh score 8 or greater
Patient with a Child-Pugh score B or C
Several hepatic impairments, define as Child-Pugh Class C or worse
Child-Pugh class A or B7 without ascites
Child-Pugh score of A
Child-Pugh score must be A to B7.
Must have Child-Pugh A or B liver disease
Child-Pugh C liver function
Subject has hepatic decompensation (Child-Pugh score > 6 [class B and C])
The Child Pugh score must be 5 or 6 (Child Pugh class A)
Patients with Child-Pugh A and Child-Pugh B7 (if due to low albumin but not elevated international normalized ratio [INR] or bilirubin) cirrhosis are allowed; Child-Pugh Turcot (CPT) Classification System score will be based upon INR, total bilirubin and serum albumin, as well as the presence/absence of ascites and hepatic encephalopathy
Child-Pugh B (except Child-Pugh B7 due to low albumin) or Child-Pugh C cirrhosis
Child Pugh score A or B
Child-Pugh status C
Child-Pugh Class A without either current encephalopathy or ascites.
Child-Turcotte-Pugh Classification A or B
Child-Pugh Class A
Cirrhotic status of Child-Pugh class A or B
Child-Pugh score A
Adequate hepatic function for squamous cell NSCLC patients, as defined per protocol. For HCC patients: Child-Pugh score ?6 and Model for End-Stage Liver Disease (MELD) score?15
Adequate hepatic function for squamous cell NSCLC patients, as defined per protocol. For HCC patients: Child-Pugh score ?6 and Model for End-Stage Liver Disease (MELD) score?15
Liver disease with Child-Pugh class B or C liver dysfunction
Has hepatic decompensation (Child-Pugh score > 6; = class B and C)
HCC patients only: Child Pugh class A or B7 liver disease
Must have Child-Turcotte-Pugh (CTP) A or B7
Patient with severe liver impairment (Child Pugh score B/C)
ARM B: Child Pugh Score A
Subjects with known hepatic insufficiency (i.e. Child-Pugh score A [mild], Child-Pugh score B [moderate] or Child-Pugh score C [severe]) according to Child-Pugh criteria
Patient with a Child-Pugh score B or C
Subject is classified into Child-Pugh class C
Child-Pugh score of A or B with =< 7 points and meeting laboratory eligibility for all parameters
Has a Child-Pugh Class A liver score within 7 days of first dose of study drug.
Child-Pugh Score of A.
Patients with Child pugh score B or C
Patients with Child-Pugh A-C liver disease
Subject is classified into Child-Pugh class C
Subject has Child-Pugh score of ?6, i.e., Child-Pugh A (Appendix 2);
Patient with a Child-Pugh score B or C
Child-Pugh Class A
Dose Escalation Phase: Child-Pugh score of 7 points or less. Cohort 5: Child-Pugh Class B (B7-B8). For all other cohorts Child-Pugh score of 6 points or less
Patients with hepatocellular carcinoma may be eligible provided they have total bilirubin ? 3.0 x ULN and are considered Child-Pugh Class A or Child-Pugh Class B7 (Child-Pugh Class B with a total Child-Pugh score not to exceed 7).
Child Pugh score ? 7 points
Has a Child-Pugh Class A liver score within 7 days of first dose of study drug
Child-Pugh score A
Patients with liver disease Child Pugh classification B and C.
Child-Pugh score of 10-15 (Class C)
Patient with Child-Pugh score B or C
Preserved liver function (Child-Pugh class A or B)
Child Pugh score =< 10
Subject has hepatic function status of Child Pugh Class A at Screening.
Subject has status of Child-Pugh Class B or C at Screening.
Child Pugh B and C
Child-Pugh class A
Child-Pugh score =< 7 (Child A-B)
Child-Pugh liver function class A
Child Pugh score =< 10
Child-Pugh Stage: A or B7 for Parts A & B, A for Part C, and D
Child-Pugh Class A or B.
Subject has Child-Pugh score of less than 7 (ie, class A or better) with neither encephalopathy nor clinically significant ascites (ascites requiring paracentesis within 3 months of signing the ICF is excluded). Child-Pugh status is calculated based on clinical findings and laboratory results during the screening period.
Serum albumin of at least 2.8 g/dL Note: Laboratories in combination must still be Child Pugh score less than 7 Other laboratory parameters:
Decompensated liver disease (Child-Pugh score > 6) or active or past auto-immune hepatitis
Child Pugh Class A disease
Child Pugh A
For patients with hepatocellular carcinoma only, Child-Pugh Class A (score 5-6) disease. Score for hepatic encephalopathy must be 1; the score for ascites must be no greater than 2 and clinically irrelevant; for the determination of the Child-Pugh Class.
Child-Pugh class A with no clinically apparent ascites
Child-Pugh class of A
Child-Pugh Class B and C.
Hepatic function with a score of < 7 points according to the Child-Pugh System
Subjects with impaired hepatic function will be grouped according to Child-Pugh classification score
Child Pugh Class A liver function score
Cirrhotic status of Child-Pugh grade A. Child-Pugh status should be determined based on clinical findings and laboratory data during the screening period (Appendix B). Subjects on anti-coagulants are to receive 1 point for their INR status, as they are presumed to have a <1.7 baseline PT/INR.
Child-Pugh Classification A (see Appendix D)
Child-Pugh Score A (5-6)
Child-Pugh B-C cirrhotic status based on clinical findings and laboratory results
Must be Child-Pugh class A a. Patients with uncontrolled massive ascites or presence of hepatic encephalopathy are excluded
Significant liver dysfunction determined as Child-Pugh score B or C
Child Pugh class A or B7 liver disease
ECOG PS 0 or 1; Child-Pugh Cirrhotic Status A or B with a score of 7;
Child-Pugh Class A.
Child-Pugh Class A in the absence of hepatoencephalopathy or clinically evident ascites
Hepatic function with a score of 7-9 points according to the Child-Pugh System
Child Pugh class A liver function or class B7
Patients with Child Pugh liver function worse than B7
Subjects with severe hepatic insufficiency (Child Pugh score > 9)
Severe liver impairment (Child-Pugh score > 9)
Child-Pugh Score of up to B7
Child-Pugh score of up to B7
Child-Pugh score A
Child-Pugh category A
Child-Pugh score <7 (Child-Pugh Class A).
Child-Pugh class B and C liver failure
Child Pugh A or B
Child-Pugh A/B
Child-Pugh liver function Class B or C.
Child-Pugh score ? 6
