Use of other investigational drugs within 28 days (or five half-lives, whichever is shorter; with a minimum of 14 days from the last dose) preceding the first dose of trametinib and during the study
Use of any potent CYP3A4 inhibitors or inducers within 14 days or 5 half-lives, whichever is shorter, before the first dose of study drug. Topical ketoconazole will be allowed.
Prior anticancer treatment within 28 days (or 5 times the half-life time, whichever is shorter) or any investigational agent within 30 days prior to the first dose of study drugs. All acute toxicities related to prior treatments must be resolved to Grade less than or equal to 1
Any investigational drug therapy within 5 half-lives of the previous investigational study drug or 30 days, whichever is shorter.
Use of other investigational drugs within 28 days or at least 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) before study drug administration
Use of an investigational drug within 21 days or 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) prior to the first dose of TGR-1202; for investigational drugs for which 5 half-lives is less than 21 days, a minimum of 10 days between termination of the investigational drug and administration of TGR-1202 is required
Patients who are receiving any other investigational agents have received any other investigational drugs within 28 days (or five half-lives, whichever is shorter; with a minimum of 14 days from the last dose) preceding the first dose of study treatment and during the study
Use of anti-cancer treatment drug =< 21 days or 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) prior to the first dose of AZD1775; for drugs for which 5 half-lives is =< 21 days, a minimum of 10 days between termination of the prior treatment and administration of AZD1775 treatment is required
Concurrent anticancer treatment, major surgery or use of any investigational drug within 28 days or 5 half-lives, whichever is shorter, before the start of trial treatment; palliative radiation therapy is allowed if > 21 days before planned first dose of study drugs and any toxicity is ? Grade 1.
Any small molecule, biologic, or hormonal agent within 21 days or a washout period equal to 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter). At least 7 days must have elapsed between the last dose of such agent and the first dose of study drug.
Use of an investigational drug ?21 days or 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) prior to the first dose of orteronel, or concurrent treatment. For investigational drugs for which 5 half-lives is less than 21 days, a minimum of 10 days between termination of the investigational drug and administration of orteronel is required.
Treatment with a monoclonal antibody within 28 days or 5 half-lives, whichever is shorter, from treatment with first dose of study drug
Use of an investigational drug within 21 days or 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) prior to the first dose of X-396. A minimum of 10 days between treatment and X-396 and 2 days between ALK TKI and X-396.
Use of other investigational, chemotherapeutic or targeted drugs within 28 days (or five half-lives, whichever is shorter; with a minimum of 14 days from the last dose) preceding the first dose of talimogene laherparepvec and during the study are ineligible
Treatment with any systemic anticancer treatment (including investigational products) within 30 days or 5 half-lives, whichever is shorter, before the first dose of study drug.
Use of other investigational drugs within 28 days (or five half-lives, whichever is shorter; with a minimum of 14 days from the last dose) preceding the first dose of trametinib and during the study
Previous (within 5 drug half-lives - if drug half-life in subjects is known - or 28 days, whichever is shorter, before the start of study treatment) or concomitant participation in another clinical study with investigational medicinal product(s) (IMP[s])
Administration of an investigational drug within 14 days or 5 half-lives, whichever is shorter, preceding the first dose of study treatment(s) in this study.
Use of other investigational drugs (drugs not marketed for any indication) within 28 days or at least 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) before study drug administration
Use of other investigational drugs within 28 days (or five half-lives, whichever is shorter; with a minimum of 14 days from the last dose) preceding the first dose of trametinib and during the study
Use of other investigational drugs within 28 days (or five half-lives, whichever is shorter; with a minimum of 14 days from the last dose) preceding the first dose of study drug(s) and during the study
Use of any potent CYP3A4 inhibitors or inducers within 14 days or 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) before the first dose of study drug.
Use of any investigational agents within 28 days or 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) of study treatment.
Use of an investigational drug within 14 days or five half-lives, whichever is shorter, preceding the first dose of study drug. Prior treatment with a monoclonal antibody within 30 days of receiving the first dose of study drugs. Prior BCMA targeted therapy.
Use of anti-cancer treatment drug =< 21 days or 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) prior to the first dose of AZD1775; for drugs for which 5 half-lives is =< 21 days, a minimum of 10 days between termination of the prior treatment and administration of AZD1775 treatment is required
Receiving any other investigational agents within 21 days or 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) prior to the first dose of study drug
The subject has received any other type of investigational agent within 28 days or 5 half-lives, whichever is shorter, before the first dose of study treatment
Use of other investigational drugs within 28 days (or five half-lives, whichever is shorter; with a minimum of 14 days from the last dose) preceding the first dose of talimogene laherparepvec (T-VEC) and during the study
Use of other investigational drugs within 28 days (or five half-lives, whichever is shorter; with a minimum of 14 days from the last dose) preceding the first dose of study treatment and during the study; patients that have used other BRAF or mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase (MEK) inhibitor are excluded
Use of other investigational drugs within 28 days (or five half-lives, whichever is shorter; with a minimum of 14 days from the last dose) preceding the first dose of study treatment and during the study
Use of other investigational drugs within 28 days (or five half-lives, whichever is shorter; with a minimum of 14 days from the last dose) preceding the first dose of study treatment and during the study
Use of other investigational drugs within 28 days (or five half-lives, whichever is shorter; with a minimum of 14 days from the last dose) preceding the first dose of trametinib or standard of care agent
Use of a study drug ?21 days or 5 half-lives, whichever is shorter.
Administration of an investigational drug within 14 days or 5 half-lives, whichever is shorter with a minimum of 14 days preceding the first dose of study treatment(s) in this study.
Prior EGFR inhibitor within 6 days; received prior treatment with any other agent with antitumor activity chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or immunotherapy within 14 days; any investigational therapy within 28 days or 5 half-lives, whichever is shorter; blood transfusion or hemopoietic factor within 14 days; major surgery within 14 days; any strong CYP3A4 inhibitors within 7 days
Use of an investigational drug within 14 days or within 5 half-lives of the investigational drug, whichever is shorter
At least 28 days or 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) since prior investigational anti-cancer drugs. A minimum of 21 days between termination of the investigational drug and administration of VAL-083 is required.
Treatment with any investigational drug within 4 weeks or 5 half-lives, whichever is shorter, prior to the first dose of study medication
Receipt of any investigational anticancer therapy within 28 days or 5 half-lives, whichever is shorter, prior to the first dose of study treatment.
Use of other investigational drugs within 28 days (or five half-lives, whichever is shorter; with a minimum of 14 days from the last dose) either preceding the first dose of ganetespib or during the study period
Use of an investigational drug within 28 days or 5 half-lives prior to first dose.
Participants may not be receiving any other investigational agents nor have participated in an investigational trial within the past 4 weeks (or five half-lives whichever is shorter; with a minimum of 14 days from the last dose)
Receiving any other investigational agent(s) within 21 days or 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) prior to the first dose of study drug; a minimum of 10 days between termination of the investigational drug and administration of study drug is required
Any use of an investigational drug within 28 days or 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) prior to the first dose of BVD-523.
Unable or unwilling to discontinue use of prohibited medications for at least 14 days or five half-lives of a drug (whichever is shorter) prior to the first dose of study drug and for the duration of the study
Use of any potent cytochrome P450 3A4 inhibitors or inducers within 14 days or 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) before the first dose of study drug.
Use of other investigational drugs within 28 days (or five half-lives, whichever is shorter; with a minimum of 14 days from the last dose) preceding the first dose of trametinib/GSK2141795 and during the study
Administration of an investigational drug within 28 days or 5 half-lives, whichever is shorter preceding the first dose of study treatment(s) in this study.
14. Use of an investigational drug within 28 days or 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) prior to the first dose of study drug. A minimum of 14 days between termination of the investigational drug and administration of the study treatment is required. In addition, any drug-related toxicity except alopecia should have recovered to grade 1 or less.
Patients who are receiving any other investigational agents within 14 days or 5 effective half-lives (whichever is shorter) prior to first (1st) dose of ibrutinib
Treatment with other anticancer drugs within 28 days or 5 half-lives of anticancer therapy (whichever is shorter) is prohibited from 30 days prior to the first dose of SNX-5422 and throughout the study.
Chemotherapy within 21 days or at least 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) prior to first dose of study treatment.
Use of other investigational drugs within 28 days (or five half-lives, whichever is shorter; with a minimum of 14 days from the last dose) preceding the first dose of study therapy and during the study
Use of a study drug ?21 days or 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) prior to the first dose of AZD1775
Received an investigational anti-cancer drug within 6weeks, or within 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) of the first dose of study drug(s). A minimum of 14 days must have passed between the last dose of prior investigational agent and the first dose of study drug.
Treatment with an investigational drug within the past 30 days or 5 half-lives of that drug, whichever is shorter.
Any concurrent or prior use of an investigational drug (including MEK inhibitors) within previous 28 days or 5 half-lives, whichever is shorter
Use of other investigational drugs within 28 days (or five half-lives, whichever is shorter; with a minimum of 14 days from the last dose) preceding the first dose of trametinib alone or with GSK2141795 and during the study
Treatment with other anticancer drugs within 28 days or 5 half-lives of anticancer therapy (whichever is shorter), and treatment with any other investigational agent is prohibited from 30 days prior to the first dose of SNX-5422 and throughout the study.
At least 21 days or 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) since prior investigational anti-cancer drugs. A minimum of 10 days between termination of the investigational drug and administration of DAG is required
Received an investigational anti-cancer drug within 4 weeks or 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) of study drug administration--- at least 14 days must have passed between the last dose of prior investigational anti-cancer drug and the first dose of study drug.
Subject has received investigational therapy within 28 days or 5 half-lives, whichever is shorter, prior to the first dose of study drug.
Use of other investigational drugs within 28 days (or five half-lives, whichever is shorter; with a minimum of 14 days from the last dose) preceding the first dose of talazoparib and during the study
Received an investigational drug within 14 days or 5 half-lives, whichever is shorter, of the first scheduled dose of MEDI7247 or not recovered from associated toxicities.
Prior treatment with the following therapies: • Anticancer therapy within 30 days or 5 half-lives of the drug, whichever is shorter. At least 14 days must have elapsed between the last dose of prior anticancer agent and the first dose of study drug is administered. • Part 2B (GSK3359609/pembrolizumab combination): prior pembrolizumab washout is not required. • Prior radiation therapy: permissible if at least one non-irradiated measurable lesion is available for assessment according to RECIST version 1.1 or if a solitary measurable lesion was irradiated, objective progression is documented. A wash out of at least two weeks before start of study drug for radiation of any intended use to the extremities for bone metastases and 4 weeks for radiation to the chest, brain, or visceral organs is required. • Investigational therapy within 30 days or 5 half-lives of the investigational product (whichever is shorter). At least 14 days must have elapsed between the last dose of investigational agent and the first dose of study drug is administered.
Use of an investigational drug within 14 days or five half-lives, whichever is shorter, preceding the first dose of study drug. Prior treatment with a monoclonal antibody within 30 days of receiving the first dose of study drug.
Use of other investigational drugs within 28 days (or five half-lives, whichever is shorter; with a minimum of 14 days from the last dose) preceding the first dose of trametinib and during the study
Use of any investigational drug within 28 days or five half-lives, whichever is shorter, prior to the first dose of study medication; a minimum of 10 days between termination of the investigational drug and treatment with study medication is required
Chemotherapy within 21 days or at least 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) prior to first dose of study treatment.
Use of an investigational anti-cancer drug within 28 days or five half-lives, whichever is shorter, prior to the first dose of GSK1120212; a minimum of 10 days between termination of the investigational drug and administration of GSK1120212 is required; in addition, any drug-related toxicity should have recovered to grade 1 or less
Prior treatment with investigational agents =<21 days or =<5*their half-lives (whichever is shorter) before the first dose of study treatment. A minimum of 10 days should elapse from prior therapy to initiating protocol therapy.
