Patients must not have known active hepatitis B virus (HBV) or hepatitis virus (HCV) infection at time of registration; patients with HBV or HCV that have an undetectable viral load, or in the opinion of the treating investigator is well-controlled, are eligible
Patients with hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection are eligible provided they meet the other eligibility criteria and:\r\n* They have previously undergone curative therapy and have no evidence of active HCV infection\r\n* They have no evidence of liver damage owing to prior HCV infection
Patients with active HCV infection should be referred for HCV treatment and standard radiotherapy for the plasmacytoma
Active hepatitis C (defined as a positive HCV viral load)
Active infection (any infection requiring systemic treatment). Hepatitis B or C [HBV/HCV] is allowed
Escalation part: Active Hepatitis B (HBV) or Hepatitis C (HCV) virus infection at screening. Expansion part: Patients with active HBV or HCV are excluded, excepting those patients undergoing treatment for HBV or HCV.
Active hepatitis C (HCV) infection without treatment is permitted; concomitant treatment of HCV is not permitted on this study
Subjects with known active hepatitis B virus (HBV) or hepatitis C virus (HCV) (cannot have an elevated viral load of HBV or HCV if known history) are ineligible
Subjects with chronic infection by hepatitis C virus (HCV) who are untreated or who failed previous therapies for HCV are allowed on study; in addition, subjects with successful HCV treatment (defined as sustained virologic response [SVR] 12 or SVR 24) are allowed as long as 4 weeks have passed between completion of HCV therapy and start of study drug
Dual infection with HBV/HCV or other hepatitis combinations at study entry
Active Hepatitis B or C determined by a detectable viral load of HBV or HCV.
Active bacterial, fungal or viral infection including hepatitis B (HBV), hepatitis C (HCV)
Patients with known hepatitis B or C virus (hepatitis B virus [HBV] or hepatitis C virus [HCV]) infection are eligible provided liver function parameters meet laboratory eligibility criteria\r\n* Patients with active HBV infection must have monitoring of viral load and demonstrate adequate treatment with appropriate antiviral therapy according to institutional practice\r\n* Patients with active HCV infection must have monitoring of liver function tests and viral load if indicated according to institutional practice
Known chronic hepatitis B or C (HBV/HCV) infection.
Active hepatitis B (HBV) or hepatitis C (HCV) infection
Subjects are eligible to enroll if they have non-viral-HCC, or if they have hepatitis B virus (HBV)HCC, or hepatitis C virus (HCV)-HCC defined as follows:\r\n* HBV-HCC: controlled (treated) hepatitis B subjects will be allowed if they meet the following criteria:\r\n** Antiviral therapy for HBV must be given for at least 12 weeks and HBV viral load must be less than 100 IU/mL prior to first dose of study drug. Subjects on active HBV therapy with viral loads under 100 IU/ml should stay on the same therapy throughout study treatment. Subjects who are hepatitis B virus core antibody (anti-HBc) (+), negative for hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg), negative for hepatitis B virus surface antibody (anti-HBs), and have an HBV viral load under 100 IU/mL do not require HBV anti-viral prophylaxis\r\n*** HCV-HCC: active or resolved HCV infection as evidenced by detectable HCV ribonucleic acid (RNA) or antibody. Patients who have failed HCV therapy as evidenced by detectable HCV RNA will be eligible. Subjects with chronic infection by HCV who are treated (successfully or treatment failure) or untreated are allowed on study. In addition, subjects with successful HCV treatment are allowed as long as there are >= 4 weeks between completion of HCV therapy and start of study drug. Successful HCV treatment definition: SVR12
Patients with successfully treated hepatitis C virus (HCV) are eligible if HCV viral load is undetectable
Viral status (hepatitis B and C) must be known. All hepatitis B virus (HBV)-positive patients must be on antiviral medication for viral suppression.\r\n* Patients with concomitant HBV infection must have a confirmed diagnosis of HBV characterized by the presence of hepatitis B core antibodies, and be sufficiently suppressed with active antiviral treatment (per local institutional practice) prior to enrollment to ensure adequate viral suppression (HBV deoxyribonucleic acid [DNA] < 2000 IU/mL).\r\n* Patients with concomitant hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection must have confirmed diagnosis of HCV characterized by the presence of detectable HCV ribonucleic acid (RNA or anti-HCV antibody upon enrollment.
Any known clinically significant active infection including bacterial, fungal or viral including hepatitis B (HBV), hepatitis C (HCV) or any underlying disease or in the recent past which could compromise enrollment and safety of the patient.
Has dual infection with HBV/HCV or other hepatitis combinations at study entry
FOR ALL PHASES (Ib AND II): Hepatitis B (HBV) or hepatitis C (HCV); all patients must be screened for HBV and HCV up to 28 days prior to study drug start using the routine hepatitis virus laboratorial panel
Has dual infection with HBV/HCV or other hepatitis combinations at study entry
Ruxolitinib\r\n* Chronic active hepatitis C (HCV)
Note - Subjects with a history of hepatitis B or C with normal ALT and undetectable HBV DNA or HCV RNA are eligible for this study
For HCC with prior hepatitis B and/or C infection, HBV and/or HCV viral load by real-time polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) must be undetectable, and they must not have had recent treatment within 12 weeks for HBV or HCV with certain antiviral medications.
Patients with known active hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection; patients with a history of HCV infection who received definitive therapy and has an undetectable viral load by PCR would be eligible
Active hepatitis B virus (HBV) or hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection, currently requiring medical intervention, per institutional protocol. Testing for HBV or HCV status is not necessary unless clinically indicated or the patient has a history of HBV or HCV infection requiring treatment with currently an unknown status. History of treated hepatitis is not exclusionary
Patients with chronic HCV infection with less than 4 weeks between completion of HCV therapy and start of study drug. Note: patients with chronic infection with HCV who are untreated or noncuratively treated HCV are allowed on study.
Active hepatitis B (HBV) or C (HCV) infection.
HIV infection, active hepatitis B or C infection. History of treated hepatitis B or C is permitted if the viral load is undetectable. HCC patients with controlled or chronic stable HBV infection will be eligible for screening. HCC patients with HBV infections who are not on anti-HBV treatment will be excluded from the study. HCC subjects with HCV infections will be allowed for screening; however, subjects with both HBV and HCV infections will be excluded for screening
Known active HIV, HBV, or HCV infection. Inactive hepatitis carrier status or low viral hepatitis titer on antivirals is allowed.
Participants with chronic infection by Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) who are treated (successfully or treatment failure) or untreated are allowed on study. In addition, participants with successful HCV treatment are allowed as long as there are >4 weeks between achieving sustained viral response (SVR12) and start of study drug.
Known chronic hepatitis B or C virus (HBV/HCV) infection, unless comorbidity in subjects with Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC).
For Cohort 1: has dual infection with HBV/Hepatitis C virus (HCV) or other hepatitis combinations at study entry
Known hepatitis C virus (HCV) positive with chronic HCV or active viral infection with HCV hepatitis requiring anti-viral medication (at time of randomization).
Known chronic hepatitis B or C (HBV/HCV) infection.
Active hepatitis B virus (HBV) or hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection per institutional protocol. Testing for HBV or HCV status is not necessary unless clinically indicated or the patient has a history of HBV or HCV infection
Has known active Hepatitis B (HBV) or Hepatitis C (HCV)
Any known active liver disease. For participants who are known carriers of HBV/HCV, active hepatitis B/C infection must be ruled out per local guidelines
Known active hepatitis B or C. HBV and HCV tests are required prior to Day 1.
Patients with chronic Hepatitis B and C infection. For patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), the presence of chronic HBV and HCV is NOT an exclusion. Patients must have a viral titer <50 IU/ml x 2 at a minimum of 2 weeks apart.
Chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection prior to study enrollment with screening laboratory results indicating HCV genotype 1 or 4 infection
Acute or chronic hepatitis B (HBV) or hepatitis C (HCV) infection requiring concomitant treatment prohibited by this protocol (i.e.immunosuppressive therapy)
Hepatitis C (HCV) virus with detectable viral load or immunological evidence of chronic active disease or receiving/requiring antiviral therapy.
Subject has a known history of acute or chronic hepatitis B (HBV), HIV or hepatitis C (HCV) infection.
Concomitant interferon therapy or therapies for active Hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection
Acute viral hepatitis or history of chronic or acute HBV, HCV, HAV, HDV, HEV
Uncontrolled infection, including active human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-1, hepatitis B (hepatitis B virus [HBV]) and/or hepatitis C (hepatitis C virus [HCV]) infection (positive HBV or HCV viral load in the setting of positive HBV core antibody or surface antibody or HCV antibody); history of HBV or HCV is allowed if there is no uncontrolled viral infection; patients with any active viral infection are excluded
Evidence of prior hepatitis B (HBV) or hepatitis C (HCV)
Uncontrolled significant active infections, except Hepatitis B (HBV) or Hepatitis C (HCV)
Patients with a known history of hepatitis C (HCV) will be eligible if they have an undetectable viral load; if the patient received treatment for HCV, then that treatment must have been completed at least three weeks prior to enrollment
Has active hepatitis B (HBV) or hepatitis C (HCV).
