Patients with active bacterial or fungal infections unresponsive to medical therapy
Active bacterial or systemic viral or fungal infections
Known active infections (bacterial, fungal, viral including HIV positivity).
Active bacterial infections.
Active viral or bacterial infections: this includes any infections that are being actively treated even if the signs and symptoms appear to have resolved. Courses of antibiotics or anti-viral treatment should be completed before the patient is enrolled
Ongoing systemic bacterial, fungal, or viral infection (including upper respiratory tract infections)
HIV or active bacterial, viral or fungal infections
Evidence of an ongoing systemic bacterial, fungal, or viral infection (including upper respiratory tract infections) at the time of start of voruciclib therapy
Evidence of an ongoing systemic bacterial, fungal, or viral infection (including upper respiratory tract infections) at the time of start of study therapy. Note: Subjects with localized fungal infections of skin or nails are not precluded from participation.
Patients with any active and uncontrolled infections (such as bacterial, fungal, and new or reactivated viral infections)
Active bacterial or fungal infections unresponsive to medical therapy
Uncontrolled active infections (viral, bacterial, and fungal)
Severe infections ? 4 weeks prior to enrolment in the study as well as active, uncontrolled bacterial, viral or fungal infections requiring systemic treatment.
Active uncontrolled bacterial, fungal, or viral infections – all prior infections must have resolved following optimal therapy
Evidence of an ongoing systemic bacterial, fungal, or viral infection (including upper respiratory tract infections) at the time of start of study therapy. Note: Subjects with localized fungal infections of skin or nails are eligible.
Patients with uncontrolled bacterial, viral or fungal infections
Active bacterial, fungal or viral infections unresponsive to medical therapy
Subjects who have uncontrolled infection are not eligible; patients must have any active infections under control; fungal disease must be stable for at least 2 weeks before study entry
Active uncontrolled bacterial, viral or fungal infections
Uncontrolled active infections (viral, bacterial, and fungal); the study chair will be the final arbiter of this criterion
Patients with uncontrolled active infections (viral, bacterial, or fungal) are not eligible
PART 1: Uncontrolled viral, bacterial, or fungal infections at the time of study enrollment
Patients with active uncontrolled bacterial, viral or fungal infections (undergoing appropriate treatment and with progression of clinical symptoms)
Uncontrolled viral, bacterial, or fungal infections
Active uncontrolled bacterial, viral or fungal infections
Active bacterial, viral or fungal infections
Uncontrolled bacterial, viral or fungal infections.
Subject has active viral or bacterial infections or any coexisting medical problem that would significantly increase the risks of this treatment program.
Active, uncontrolled urogenital bacterial, viral or fungal infections, including urinary tract infection (UTI). Skin/nail fungal infections are not exclusionary. Subjects with active shingles (varicella zoster infection) will be excluded from the study.
Subjects who have uncontrolled infection are not eligible; patients must have any active infections under control; fungal disease must be stable for at least 2 weeks before study entry
Active bacterial or fungal infection; all prior infections must be resolved following optimal therapy
Active bacterial, fungal, or viral infections – all prior infections must have resolved following optimal therapy
Known active infections (bacterial, fungal, viral including HIV positivity).
Patients with active bacterial or fungal infections unresponsive to medical therapy
Active, uncontrolled bacterial, viral, or fungal infections.
Active bacterial or systemic viral or fungal infections.
Ongoing systemic bacterial, fungal, or viral infections at the time of initiation of study treatment.
Subjects who have uncontrolled infection are not eligible; patients must have any active infections under control; fungal disease must be stable for at least 2 weeks before study entry
Active bacterial, viral or fungal infections
Active bacterial or fungal infections unresponsive to medical therapy
Active viral or bacterial infections or any coexisting medical problem that would significantly increase the risks of this treatment program.
Active bacterial, fungal or viral infections requiring treatment with intravenous (IV) antibiotic, IV antifungal, or IV anti-viral drugs
Patients with acute infections (viral, bacterial or fungal infections requiring therapy)
Active bacterial or fungal infections unresponsive to medical therapy
Active infections (bacterial, fungal, or viral)
Ongoing systemic bacterial, fungal or viral infection (with the exception of fungal infections of the skin or nails).
Active uncontrolled bacterial, viral or fungal infections.
Uncontrolled bacterial, viral, or fungal infections
Patients with uncontrolled active infections (viral, bacterial, and fungal are not eligible)
Evidence of ongoing systemic bacterial, fungal, or viral infection (excluding viral upper respiratory tract infections) at the time of initiation of study treatment
Patients with uncontrolled active infections (viral, bacterial, and fungal) are not eligible
Patients with active fungal, viral, or bacterial infections
Patients with uncontrolled active infections (viral, bacterial, and fungal are not eligible)
Acute infections (viral, bacterial or fungal infections requiring therapy).
Any history of recent serious bacterial, viral, fungal, or other opportunistic infections, precluding a stem cell transplant according to the treating physician
Active uncontrolled bacterial or invasive fungal infections
Active, uncontrolled urogenital bacterial, viral or fungal infections, including urinary tract infection that in the opinion of the investigator, contraindicates participation. Skin/nail fungal infections are not exclusionary. Subjects with active shingles (varicella zoster infection) will be excluded from the study.
Uncontrolled bacterial, viral or fungal infections
Active uncontrolled bacterial, fungal, or viral infections – all prior infections must have resolved following optimal therapy
Patients with invasive fungal infections
Subjects with active fungal, viral, or bacterial infections.
Evidence of any serious bacterial, viral, parasitic or systemic fungal infections within the 30 days prior to study entry
Evidence of any active, uncontrolled bacterial, viral, parasitic fungal infections within 1 week of first dose of study drug
