No concomitant treatment of strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
CYP3A4 Inducers: patients chronically receiving drugs that are known potent CYP3A4 inducers within 14 days prior to study enrollment, including but not limited to carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifampin, and St. John’s wort are not eligible (with the exception of glucocorticoids)
Patients cannot be on systemic treatment with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital) or use Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort within 14 days of registration
CYP3A4 inducers: patients chronically receiving drugs that are known potent CYP3A4 inducers within 12 days prior to study enrollment, including but not limited to carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, ritonavir, and St. John’s wort are not eligible; the topical use of these medications (if applicable) is allowed
Concomitant use of known strong (e.g., phenobarbital, enzalutamide, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John’s wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (e.g., bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil); the required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 5 weeks for enzalutamide or phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents
Patients who have undergone systemic treatment, within 14 days prior to registration, with strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A (CYP3A) inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort are not eligible
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment with strong cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
Concomitant use of strong CYP3A4 inducers such as rifampicin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital or St. John’s wort as these may significantly reduce the availability of exemestane
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of ixazomib with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of ixazomib, with strong cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A) inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of ixazomib, with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of St. John’s wort
Systemic treatment with strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g. rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, gingko biloba, St. John’s wort) within 7 days before registration
Systemic treatment with strong CYP3A4 inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, Gingko biloba, St. John’s wort) =< 14 days prior to registration
No concomitant (within 14 days prior to registration for and during protocol therapy) medications that are potent inducers (rifampicin, rifabutin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital and St. John’s Wort) of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) function
Concomitant use of known strong CYP3A inducers (e.g. phenobarbital, enzalutamide, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John’s Wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (e.g. bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil). The required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 5 weeks for enzalutamide or phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents
Systemic treatment with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of St. John’s wort ? 14 days prior to registration
Patients receiving concomitant strong CYP3A inducers (avasimibe, carbamazepine, phenytoin, rifampin, rifabutin, St. John’s wort) within 3 days of start of study therapy.
Current use or anticipated need for drugs that are known strong CYP3A4/5 inducers, including their administration within 10 days prior to patient randomization, eg,\r\nphenobarbital, rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifabutin, rifapentin, clevidipine, St John’s wort
Concomitant use of known strong (eg. phenobarbital, enzalutamide, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John’s wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (eg. bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil). The required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 5 weeks for enzalutamide or phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents.
Subjects who have used strong CYP3A4 inducers (eg, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St. John’s wort [hypericum perforatum], dexamethasone at a dose of greater than 16 mg daily, or rifampin [rifampicin], and/or rifabutin) within 28 days before first dose of study treatment
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment with strong CYP3A4 inducers (eg, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of and dexamethasone (DId), with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
Treatment with clinically significant enzyme inducers, such as phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, or Saint John's wort within 14 days before the first dose of study drug.
Current use or anticipated need for drugs that are known strong or moderate CYP3A4 inducers including their administration within 2 weeks prior to the first study treatment (ie, phenobarbital, rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifabutin, rifapentin, clevidipine, St. John’s wort); for participants in the dose escalation portion, no CYP3A4 inducers should be administered during the first 21 days of the study, regardless of strength
Systemic treatment with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital) or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort =< 14 days prior to registration
Current use or anticipated inability to avoid use of drugs that are known strong CYP3A4/5 inducers (carbamazepine, dexamethasone, fosphenytoin, phenytoin, phenobarbital, rifabutin, rifampin, rifapentine, St. John’s wort)
Systemic treatment with strong cytochrome P-450 3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital) or use of St. John's wort within 14 days before randomization.
Concomitant use of known strong (e.g., phenobarbital, enzalutamide, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John’s Wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (e.g., bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil). The required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 5 weeks for enzalutamide or phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents
Concomitant use of known strong CYP3A inducers (e.g. phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John’s Wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (e.g. bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil); the required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 5 weeks for phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents
Systemic treatment with strong CYP3A4 inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, St. John’s wort) =< 14 days prior to registration
Concomitant use of strong CYP3A inducers (e.g., phenytoin, rifampicin, carbamazepine, St. John’s wort) and moderate CYP3A inducers (e.g., bosentan, efavirenz, etravirine, modafinil, nafcillin)
Systemic treatment with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of St. John’s wort =< 14 days prior to registration
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the beginning of protocol therapy, with CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of St. John’s wort
Current use or anticipated inability to avoid use of drugs that are known strong CYP3A4/5 inducers (carbamazepine, dexamethasone, fosphenytoin, phenytoin, phenobarbital, rifabutin, rifampin, rifapentine, St. John’s wort)
Strong CYP3A4 inducers, including: phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, efavirenz, tipranavir, St. John's wort
Concomitant use of strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers such as rifampicin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, or St. John’s wort
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of ixazomib, with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (eg, dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong Cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g. dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
Anticipated need for treatment with drugs that are known CYP3A4 or CYP1A2 inducers (i.e. carbamazepine, dexamethasone, felbamate, omeprazole, phenobarbital, phenytoin, amobarbital, nevirapine, primidone, rifabutin, rifampin, and St. John’s wort)
Are receiving systemic treatment with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, St. John's wort) within 14 days before randomization.
Systemic treatment, within 14 days before the first dose of ixazomib, with strong cytochrome P450 3A (CYP3A) inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John's wort.
Concomitant use of known strong (e.g. phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John’s Wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (e.g. bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil). The required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 5 weeks for phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents.
Concomitant use of known strong (eg. phenobarbital, enzalutamide, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John’s wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (eg. bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil); the required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 3 weeks for enzalutamide, 5 weeks for phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents
Systemic treatment, ? 14 days before registration, with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or St. John’s wort
Concomitant use of known strong (eg. phenobarbital, enzalutamide, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John’s wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (eg. bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil). The required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 5 weeks for enzalutamide or phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents.
Concurrent use of strong CYP3A4/5 inducers such as carbamazepine, phenytoin, rifampin, and St. John’s wort are prohibited
Concurrent treatment with strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital)
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
Concomitant use of known strong (e.g. phenobarbital, enzalutamide, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John’s wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (e.g. bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil); the required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 5 weeks for enzalutamide or phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents
Current use or anticipated need for treatment with drugs that are known strong CYP3A4/5 inducers, including but not limited to carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, and St. John’s wort
Receiving any medications or substances that are inducers of CYP450 3A4; use of the following inducers is prohibited =< 7 days prior to registration:\r\n* Inducers of CYP3A4: efavirenz, nevirapine, carbamazepine, modafinil, phenobarbital, phenytoin, pioglitazone, rifabutin, rifampin, St. John’s wort
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (eg, dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s Wort)
Concurrent medications which strongly inhibit or induce cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes (gemfibrozil, rifampin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, rifapentine, bosentan, efavirenz, etravirine, modafinil, nafcillin, St. John’s Wort)
Patients chronically receiving drugs that are known strong CYP3A4/5 inducers within 7 days prior to study enrollment, including but not limited to rifampin, dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St John’s Wort are not eligible
Patients chronically receiving drugs that are known potent CYP3A4 inducers within 12 days prior to study enrollment, including but not limited to carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, tipranavir, ritonavir, and St. John’s wort are not eligible; the topical use of these medications (if applicable) is allowed
Receiving any medications or substances that are inducers of CYP3A4 (efavirenz, nevirapine, carbamazepine, modafinil, phenobarbital, phenytoin, pioglitazone, rifabutin, rifampin, St. John’s wort); use of the aforementioned inducers is prohibited =< 7 days prior to registration
Patients chronically receiving drugs that are known potent CYP3A4 inducers within 12 days prior to study enrollment, including but not limited to carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, tipranavir, ritonavir, and St. John’s wort are not eligible; the topical use of these medications (if applicable) is allowed
Patients using cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A( CYP3A4) inducers (eg, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St. John’s Wort dexamethasone) at a dose of greater than 16 mg daily, or rifampin and/or rifabutin within 28 days before randomization
Concurrent medication:\r\n* Rivaroxaban and vitamin-K antagonists (e.g., warfarin), but enoxaparin is allowed\r\n* No concurrent use of strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inhibitor (e.g., ketoconazole, voriconazole, grapefruit) or inducers (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St. John's Wort [Hypericum perforatum], dexamethasone at a dose of greater than 16 mg daily, or rifampin [rifampicin], and/or rifabutin); 2 week washout period before enrollment required if any of strong inducer or inhibitors used (except for dexamethasone, dose needs to be 16 mg or less daily)\r\n* Use of concurrent cytochrome P450 enzyme-inducing anti-epileptic drugs (such as phenytoin, carbamazepine, or phenobarbital) is not allowed; (anti-epileptic levetiracetam is allowed)
Systemic treatment with strong CYP3A inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John's wort within 14 days before the first dose of study treatment.
Has current use (within 7 days of randomization) or anticipated need for treatment with drugs that are known strong CYP3A4/5 inducers, including but not limited to carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, and St. John's wort; or drugs that are known with proarrhythmic potential.
Patients taking strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital)
Any patient requiring cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) isoform-inducing drugs (e.g. phenytoin, phenobarbital, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, ketoconazole, St. John’s wort) will be excluded; CYP3A4-inducing drugs should be discontinued at least 2 weeks prior to the first cycle of irinotecan
Taking any of the following: Rifampicin, St. John's Wort, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, dexamethasone
Avoid the use of concomitant strong CYP3A4/PgP inducers (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, and phenobarbital).
Unable or unwilling to discontinue use of ketoconazole or St John’s wort; use of phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, rifampin and rifabutin is discouraged, but not contraindicated; if patients require phenytoin, carbamazepine or phenobarbital monitoring of drug levels is suggested during the study
Received potent CYP3A4 inducers (such as rifampin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, St. John’s wort) within 7 days prior to the first dose of study treatment
Currently taking cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inhibitors or inducers (such as the antiepileptic drugs phenytoin, carbamazepine, or phenobarbital; cyclosporine; grapefruit or its juice; Seville oranges; starfruit; or St. John’s wort)
Participant has received the following within 7 days prior to the initiation of study treatment: strong and moderate CYP3A inducers such as rifampin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, and St. John's wort.
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (eg, dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
Current use or anticipated need for treatment with drugs that are known CYP3A4 or CYP1A2 inducers (i.e., carbamazepine, dexamethasone, felbamate, omeprazole, phenobarbital, phenytoin, amobarbital, nevirapine, primidone, rifabutin, rifampin, and St. John’s wort)
Concomitant use of known strong CYP3A inducers (eg. phenobarbital, enzalutamide, phenytoin, rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, carbamazepine, nevirapine and St John‘s wort) or moderate CYP3A inducers (eg. bosentan, efavirenz, modafinil). The required washout period prior to starting olaparib is 5 weeks for enzalutamide or phenobarbital and 3 weeks for other agents.
Concomitant treatment or within 28 days of one of the following:\r\n* Any other systemic anticancer agent other than agents used for cancer prevention\r\n* Subjects who have used strong cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St. John’s Wort [hypericum perforatum], dexamethasone at a dose of greater than 16 mg daily, or rifampin [rifampicin], and/or rifabutin) within 28 days before treatment\r\n* UDP glycosyltransferase 1 family, polypeptide A1 (UGT 1A1) and UDP glycosyltransferase 1 family, polypeptide A9 (UGT 1A9) substrates (e.g., irinotecan)\r\n* P-glycoprotein (Gp) substrates (e.g., Digoxin)
Patients cannot receive CYP3A4 inducing anticonvulsants including carbamazepine, felbamate, phenobarbital, phenytoin, primidone and oxcarbazepine, or other CYP3A4 inducers such as St. John’s wort
Subjects who have used strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide A (CYP3A4) inducers (eg, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St. John’s wort [Hypericum perforatum], dexamethasone at a dose of greater than 16 mg daily, or rifampin [rifampicin], and/or rifabutin) within 28 days before study entry
Concurrent use of drugs that are known CYP3A4 inducers, including but not limited to carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, and St. John’s wort
Concomitant use of phenytoin, carbamazepine, barbiturates, rifampicin, phenobarbital, or St John's wort; these drugs induce cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A) and may decrease levels of taxanes; fluorouracil (5-FU) is a strong cytochrome P450 2C9 (CYP2C9) inducer, and concomitant use with carvedilol, celecoxib, fosphenytoin, fluoxetine, phenytoin, warfarin and other CYP2C9 substrates should be used with caution
Systemic treatment with strong inhibitors of cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A (CYP3A) inducers (rifampin, rifapentine, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital), or use of Ginkgo biloba or St. John’s wort within 14 days before the first dose of study treatment
Current use or anticipated inability to avoid use of drugs that are known CYP3A4 or cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily A, polypeptide 2 (CYP1A2) inducers (ie, carbamazepine, dexamethasone, felbamate, omeprazole, phenobarbital, phenytoin, primidone, rifabutin, rifampin, and St. John’s wort)
Treatment with strong CYP3A4 inducers: \r\n* Anticonvulsants: phenytoin, carbamazepine, Phenobarbital, oxcarbazepine; \r\n* Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) antiretrovirals: efavirenz, nevirapine; \r\n* Antibiotics: rifampin (rifampicin), rifabutin, rifapentine; \r\n* Miscellaneous: St. John's Wort, modafinil, pioglitazone, troglitazone
EXPANSION COHORT ONLY: Treatment with strong CYP3A4 inducers: \r\n* Anticonvulsants: phenytoin, carbamazepine, Phenobarbital, oxcarbazepine; \r\n* Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) antiretrovirals: efavirenz, nevirapine; \r\n* Antibiotics: rifampin (rifampicin), rifabutin, rifapentine; \r\n* Miscellaneous: St. John's Wort, modafinil, pioglitazone, troglitazone
Concomitant use of phenytoin, carbamazepine, barbiturates, rifampin, phenobarbital or St. Johns wort, cyclosporine, diltiazem, ketoconazole should be discontinued if possible
Patients taking phenytoin, carbamazepine, and Phenobarbital
Concurrent use of strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g. rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s Wort)
Concurrent use of strong cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g. rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John's wort)
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
The subject requires chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g. dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
The subject requires a chronic concomitant treatment of strong cytochrome P450 family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentin, phenobarbital, and St. John's wort)
Strong inhibitors and inducers of cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A, polypeptide 4 (CYP3A4) should be avoided whenever possible or switched to alternatives; subjects requiring chronic concomitant treatment of strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g., dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort) are not eligible for this study
Subjects who have used strong cytochrome CYP3A4 inducers (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, St. John's wort [Hypericum perforatum], dexamethasone at a dose of greater than 16 mg daily for more than one day, or rifampin [rifampicin], and/or rifabutin) within 28 days before randomization
Using and unable to discontinue use of concomitant strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g., including but not limited to St. John's Wort, dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, phenobarbital)
Concomitant use of phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampicin, phenobarbital, or St John's Wort or CYP3A4 (e.g. itraconazole, ketoconazole)
On scheduled potent CYP3A4 inducers at the time of study enrollment (avasimibe, carbamazepine, phenytoin, rifampin, efavirenz, nevirapine, barbiturates, glucocorticoids, modafinil, oxcarbazine, phenobarbital, pioglitazone, rifabutin, St. John’s wort, troglitazone)
Received one or more of the following drugs within 14 days prior to starting study: rifampin, rifabutin, carbamazepine, phenytoin, nevirapine, long-acting barbiturates
Use of the following CYP3A4 inducers: rifampin, rifabutin, carbamazepine, efavirenz, phenobarbital, phenytoin, fosphenytoin, primidone, and St. John’s wort)
Use of potent CYP3A4 inducers, including but not limited to rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, and St. John's wort
Concomitant use of CYP3A4 inducer medication (rifampicin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, and St. John’s wort)
Use of CYP3A4 inducers such as rifampicin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, and St. John's wort
Concomitant medications that are potent inducers (rifampicin, rifabutin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital and St. John’s wort) of CYP3A4 function
Current use or anticipated need for drugs that are known strong and moderate CYP3A4 inducers, including their administration within 12 days prior to the first PF-06463922 dose (i.e., phenobarbital, rifampin, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifabutin, rifapentine, clevidipine, St. John’s wort)
Use of drugs that are known strong CYP3A4 inducers, including but not limited to carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, and St. John's wort.
strong CYP3A inducers (including, but not limited to, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, rifabutin, rifampin, St. John's Wort)
