Major surgical procedure (as defined by the investigator) within 28 days prior to the first dose of IP; Note: local surgery of isolated lesions for palliative intent is acceptable
Patients must not have had standard of care chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or major surgery within the last 2 weeks prior to entering the study; Note: local surgeries for isolated lesions for palliative intent are acceptable; for recent experimental therapies a 28 day period of time must have elapsed before commencing protocol treatment
EXCLUSION - DURVALUMAB DRUG-SPECIFIC: Major surgical procedure (as defined by the investigator) within 28 days prior to the first dose of durvalumab. \r\n* Note: Local surgery of isolated lesions for palliative intent is acceptable per investigator discretion.
Major surgical procedure (as defined by the investigator) within 28 days prior to the first dose of IP. \r\n* Note: Local surgery of isolated lesions for palliative intent is acceptable.
Major surgical procedure (as defined by the investigator) within 28 days prior to the first dose of ipilimumab, (IP). \r\n* Note: Local surgery of isolated lesions for palliative intent is acceptable.
Major surgical procedure (as defined by the Investigator) within 28 days prior to the first dose of study medication. Note: Local surgery of isolated lesions for palliative intent is acceptable.
Major surgical procedure (as defined by the investigator) within 28 days prior to the first dose of durvalumab or tremelimumab. Note: Local surgery of isolated lesions for palliative intent is acceptable.
Major surgical procedure within 28 days prior to the first dose of durvalumab; local surgery of isolated lesions for palliative intent is acceptable
Major surgery (as defined by the investigator) within 4 weeks or thoracotomy for pulmonary metastases within 2 weeks prior to first dose of treatment or if still recovering from prior surgery; local surgery of isolated lesions for palliative intent is acceptable
Major surgical procedure within 28 days prior to the first dose of IP; Note: local surgery of isolated lesions for palliative intent is acceptable
Any concurrent chemotherapy, immunotherapy, biologic or hormonal therapy for cancer treatment; NOTE: local treatment of isolated lesions, excluding target lesions, for palliative intent is acceptable (e.g., by local ablation, surgery or radiotherapy)
Major surgical procedure (as defined by the Investigator) within 28 days prior to the first dose of immunotherapy; Note: Local surgery of isolated lesions for palliative intent is acceptable
Major surgical procedure (as defined by the investigator) within 28 days prior to the first dose of investigational product (IP); Note: Local surgery of isolated lesions for palliative intent is acceptable
Major surgical procedure, as defined by the investigator, within 28 days prior to the first dose of IP; Note: local surgery or isolated lesions for palliative intent is acceptable
Major surgery (as defined by the investigator) within 4 weeks prior to first dose of MEDI6383 or still recovering from prior surgery. Local surgery of isolated lesions for palliative intent is acceptable
Major surgical procedure (as defined by the local/lead site PI) within 28 days prior to the first dose of investigational product (IP); Note: local surgery of isolated lesions for palliative intent is acceptable
