Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status =< 1 (Karnofsky >= 60%) and life expectancy greater than 6 months; furthermore, enrollment of patients with greater than 10 measurable lesions is discouraged
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status ? 2 and minimum life expectancy of 4 weeks
Patients must have Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status =< 1 and a life expectancy of at least 3 months
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0 to 2 and Life expectancy of at least 12 weeks
Performance status: Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) 0-1 and life expectancy >= 1 year
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0 or 1 and minimum life expectancy of ? 3 months
Have a performance status of at least 1 on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale and life expectancy >6 months
Eastern cooperative oncology group (ECOG) performance status ? 1 and life expectancy > 12 weeks
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) of 4 and life expectancy ? 2 weeks
An Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status score of 0 or 1 and a minimum life expectancy of 12 weeks
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0 or 1, and estimated life expectancy of ? 3 months
Patient Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) of 0-2, with life expectancy of at least 6 months
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) 0-1 with life expectancy of >= 3 months
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status 0 or 1 with no deterioration over the previous 2 weeks and an estimated life expectancy of greater than 12 weeks
Adult patients with an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status 0-2 and a life expectancy of 3 months or more
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status must be 0 or 1, and life expectancy should be approximately 5 months or more.
Patient must have performance status of 0-1 on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance scale and life expectancy > 3 months
Patient must have performance status of 0-2 on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) Performance Scale and life expectancy > 3 months
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status =< 2 and life expectancy greater than 12 weeks based on the investigator's clinical judgment
Eastern cooperative oncology group (ECOG) performance status of 0-2 with a life expectancy ? 6 months
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status 0-2, life expectancy > 3 months
Patients must have Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0-2 with greater than six week life expectancy
Have an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of =< 2 (Karnofsky >= 60%) and a life expectancy of at least 3 months; evaluation of ECOG is to be performed within 7 days prior to the date of allocation/randomization
Life expectancy of >= 6 months, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status =< 2
Have a performance status of less than or equal to 1 on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) scale and life expectancy of more than 12 weeks.
Performance status: ECOG ? 1 and life expectancy ? 3 months.
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance of 0-2 with anticipated life expectancy of >= 12 weeks
Patient ? 18 years of age. Patient life expectancy > 6 months. Eastern cooperative group (ECOG) of 0 or 1
A life expectancy of at least 3 months and Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status =< 2
Patients must have Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0-1, and life expectancy >= 3 years
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0 to 1 at the trial entry and an estimated life expectancy of at least 3 months
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status 0 - 2 and life expectancy > 12 weeks
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance score < 2 and life expectancy of at least 4 months
Performance status of 0-1 on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) Performance Scale and life expectancy > 3 months
Patients must have Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0-1 with a greater than nine week life expectancy
Must have an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0 or 1, adequate organ function, and a life expectancy of ? 3 months
Life expectancy - =/> 3 months, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group status = 0 or 1.
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0-1 and a life expectancy > 12 weeks.
Has an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) score of 0-1, with a life expectancy of >3 months;
Subject can move around on their own, has an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0 or 1, and has an estimated life expectancy of at least 3 months
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status (PS) 0-1 and estimated life expectancy ? 3 months.
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status 0-1; life expectancy at least 3 months
Male or female of >=18 years of age with the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status 0-1, Child-Pugh score of 5-7, and Life expectancy of 3 months or greater.
Patients with a Karnofsky Performance Status of 70% to 100% (or equivalent, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group [ECOG] performance status of 0 or 1); Performance Status Evaluation), and an anticipated life expectancy of ? 3 months.
Inclusion Criteria:\n\n          -  Life expectancy of at least 3 months\n\n          -  Histological or cytological documentation of advanced solid tumors\n\n          -  ECOG Performance Status of ? 1 (ECOG: Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group)\n\n          -  Adequate bone marrow, liver and renal function\n\n          -  Women of childbearing potential and men must agree to use adequate contraception
Patients must have Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0-2 with greater than 3 month’s life expectancy
A life expectance of at least 3 months as evidenced by Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status 0-1
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status score of 0 or 1 and life expectancy of greater than 3 months.
At the time of recruitment, a life expectancy of greater than 6 months and/or a Karnofsky performance status of 80 or above or an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) score of 0 or 1
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) of 4 and life expectancy =< 2 weeks
Have a World Health Organization (WHO)/Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance score =< 2 and life expectancy > 6 months
