Received a live vaccine =< 30 days prior to registration
Vaccinations with a live vaccine within 28 days prior to start of treatment or need for live vaccine at any time during study treatment.
Has received a live vaccine ? 30 days prior to study registration
Has received a live vaccine within 30 days prior to the initiation of lymphodepletion.
Has received a live vaccine within 28 days prior to registration
Received live vaccine within 28 days prior to enrollment
Live vaccine ? 4 weeks prior to enrollment
Received any live vaccine within the last 30 days
Patients who have received a live vaccine within 30 days prior initiation of the systemic regimen
Received a live vaccine within 4 weeks prior to the start of study drug
Patients who have received a live vaccine within 30 days prior initiation of the systemic regimen
Has received a live vaccine within 30 days of first study procedure (apheresis)
Received a live vaccine within 30 days prior to start of study treatment
Received a live vaccine =< 30 days prior to registration
Received live vaccine within 28 days prior to enrollment
Received a live vaccine =< 30 days prior to registration
Has received a live vaccine within 30 days prior to registration
Received a live vaccine within 30 days of first protocol treatment
Patients who have received a live attenuated vaccine =< 30 days prior to registration are not eligible
Received live vaccine =< 30 days prior to registration
History of receiving a live vaccine 30 days prior to study treatment.
Received live vaccine within 28 days prior to enrollment
Live vaccine within 30 days prior to treatment initiation.
Patients who have received a live vaccine within 30 days prior to the radiation therapy
Has received a live vaccine within 30 days prior to the first protocol treatment
Received any live vaccine =< 30 days prior to registration
Has received a live vaccine within 30 days prior to transplant admission
Has received a live virus vaccine within 30 days of allocation.
Has received a live virus vaccine within 30 days of randomization.
Received live vaccine within 28 days prior to enrollment
Subject has received a live virus vaccine within the previous 8 weeks.
Patients planning for a live vaccine
Live vaccine ? 6 weeks prior to start of conditioning regimen
Has received a live vaccine within 30 days prior to trial registration.
Has received a live vaccine within 30 days prior to the radiation therapy
Live vaccine within 30 days prior to registration.
Patient who have received a live vaccine within 30 days prior to cycle 1 day 1
Participant has received a live vaccine within 2 weeks (less than 14 days) prior to C1D1
Subject has received a live vaccine within 4 weeks prior to C1D1
Any patient receiving a live vaccine must allow a 4-week interval before starting treatment on this study
Participant has received a live vaccine within 4 weeks prior to screening
Received live vaccine within 28 days prior to enrollment
Received a live vaccine within 30 days prior to day 1
Live vaccine ? 4 weeks prior to enrollment
Received live vaccine within 28 days prior to enrollment.
Has received a live vaccine within 30 days prior to randomization.
Received live vaccine within 28 days prior to enrollment.
